The agenda calls for the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of the Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the minimum requirements applicable to the examination of safety advisers for the carriage of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106 ((COD)).
The resulting diverted traffic has overwhelmed thousands of EU citizens to the point of being unbearable.
A major obstacle lies in the inability and inability of regions and other subjects to schedule on time.
Another example is ABB Alsthom Power's plan to cut jobs in Europe.
Mr President, Madam Commissioner, I have brought you a small gift: here is a buttercake sent to me by a resident of the island of Noirmoutier who writes this: at every tide the beach is covered with heavy fuel that has escaped from Erika.
Without claiming to be exhaustive, it would guarantee at least three points: no cargo or oil vessel will be allowed to dock in a port of the European Union if it is suitable for failure; all persons concerned, including the charterer of transport, are liable for any damage that may occur; and these persons must have sufficient insurance.
This regulation cannot be ignored or circumvented, not even through a so-called non-binding law, as one of my colleagues pointed out at a committee meeting.
In their second report, the wise men teach us that Italy is financed by the Cohesion Fund, that the ERDF and the Social Fund account for two thirds of the structural funds, that the principle of additionality and complementarity of the structural funds are equivalent, that the agricultural pressure group imposes the financing of rural development by the EAGGF Guarantee Section, that the principle of partnership applies only to the Commission and the Member States.
But all of this does not prevent us from seeing that we are relatively helpless, because when the negotiators on both sides fly back to the United States this weekend, we can't help but think that every time a hundred dollars are spent on the peace process in the region, 60 dollars are paid by the European Union.
The scoreboard, or display board, gives viewers the outcome of the game; it must keep up with developments, it must be clear and clearly visible.
There is a risk that there will be in this Community, not a shortage, but an overabundance of charters of rights: national level, European Union, European Convention.
But if we look at the private sector, we see that not only has this famous financial stability not been achieved, but we are probably sitting on a volcano ready to explode at any moment.
If a French company declares that one of its employees has to work permanently in Denmark and only in Denmark, the service-provisioning card should be able to be applied for in that country alone.
Yesterday I was pleased to hear an interview given by the commander of the Kfor which indicated how much better things were starting to get in Kosovo, how much, particularly in the field of security, crime standards had returned to an acceptable level.
To ensure that 50% or more of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, we cannot be satisfied with certain neurological points that will be more profitable in the short term.
This resolution welcomes the initiative taken by 14 Member States to put pressure on Austria by organising a kind of diplomatic boycott.
We had a very tight time in terms of speaking time, and then suddenly, last Thursday, we found ourselves with an empty agenda for an hour or even an hour and a half.
Madam President, this afternoon in this House we referred to a series of reports from the BBC Today programme this morning, in which it was said that some of my colleagues were running private companies that were influential or were in some way misusing their position as Members of this Parliament.
How can we explain to the workers who have been rationalised by the global monopoly that they must be willing to change jobs several times in their working lives, when the great corporate captains, after losing the poker game once again, leave with a compensation of 30 million euros?
This is the fourth aspect of the new development paradigm that I would like to emphasize: development policies are being considered today, especially in recent years, as an increasingly global issue which suffers from a strong lack of international leadership.
This would also involve all transaction costs incurred by the sale of your shares and then their redemption after the market clearance.
The Commission's proposals which we are discussing here allow for the smoothness it needs.
Finally, Mr President, let me remind you that the directive needs a fresh breath to make UCITS even more attractive, but it does not need a European corset to suffocate them.
This question must be answered in view of the fact that the empirical monopoly has already been eroded in fact by all kinds of postal companies as well as by technological developments such as fax and e-mail.
Telecommunications prices have risen as a result of company purchases and sales and marketing costs account for more than 50% of company turnover.
You may know that in Finland, the president is not only a leader of opinion, but also the supreme commander of the armed forces.
We know that UNICE, on behalf of employers, is openly announcing the colour in the preparatory documents for the European Trade Summit in Brussels in June: it is calling on the public authorities to remove all social, regulatory and tax barriers to business development and to invest heavily in saving demand.
The Commission could then choose to align the European standard upwards and extend the ban to all Member States, but under pressure from multinational firms seeking to reduce their production costs, the Commission proposed in April 1996 a directive authorizing the addition of lower levels of vegetable fats.
To satisfy multinationals, consumers should complicate their lives, labels should be creative and reassuring, artisans should create a chocolate quality label, cocoa exporting countries should adapt... and you are talking about a Europe close to citizens, generous, transparent and respectful of cultural diversity!
I fully agree with what he said in the last part of his reply about the need to build capacity in the least developed countries and perhaps the need for asymmetrical measures, resulting in a certain level of protection for their markets which we do not seek to take advantage of in return.
It is up to us, as far as possible - and I am working on it - to ensure that what is generally a good deal between the Americans and the Chinese is also a good deal for the Europeans.
I take alcohol as an example: bourbon and ginger are not treated in the same way as whisky and cognac.
It was announced today that Austrian participants in a jumping tournament in Grenoble have been disqualified - once again.
It refers to the mixture formed by Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, which is already quite an amazing cocktail, but it turns out that this circle never participates in specialist deliberations.
The third point I would like to see included in the minutes is that I am shocked that such speeches can be given in this House and I have nevertheless also found out from the sharp applause of the leader Le Pen that he could still sit in this House when in fact he had already lost his eligibility for being a fair boxer during the French election campaign.
The expansion of information technology is indeed faced with mergers and redundancies.
Technological progress is a formula that's too well known.
In the coming years, e-commerce will expand and high bank rates on foreign exchange will have a serious deterrent effect on consumers who want to shop online.
One of the most important proposals is a separation of the audit and financial control functions.
Mr Blair and Mr Aznar, and those who followed them, are prisoners of the old liberal-minded's banalityally conformist archaism of letting the market, particularly finance, flex workers, reducing labour costs, but also stimulating the machine to manufacture inequality, precariousness and exclusion on a global scale.
I hope that the potential for early warning that many specialists have dealt with is also included in our ability to receive signals earlier.
I would therefore like to get this answer to my question on liquidity management and to know the proposed solution to this problem mainly for small and mediumsized enterprises.
In the Commission's view, such an extension would undermine the credibility of the theme of our proposal, namely to bring banana OCM into conformity with WTO rules as soon as possible.
It may not be contrary to the Rules of Procedure, but it is contrary to fair play and contrary to the proper administration of Parliament.
We have a system which will be operated by users, and tonight, looking to the future, because we are convinced that we will have this directive adopted, I want to point out to the Commission that we need careful and very precise feedback from users on the problems they encounter using this directive.
I think it is above all a business manager's job to draw up a staff policy in detail.
I would like to know whether in some countries trained doctors are the kind of supermen who can work without taking adequate rest and doing so without harming their health or that of their patients.
Mr President, the draft directive on the organisation of working time for certain categories such as doctors in training, seafarers and so-called mobile workers is significant because of the slow pace and the ridiculous nature of social Europe.
We have a succession of currencies whose unidentified character increases volatility.
The positive thing is that we had the money and so we were the only donor who could act effectively, except for a few elite donors - the usual gang - who try to cover up the shame of others by standing up and setting a good example.
Such women are attracted to deceptive offers, such as job offers to work as a hairdresser, bartender, or dancer, or wedding announcements.
We will therefore support amendments that give priority to public health, including those that prohibit descriptors because, whether light, light or mild, tobacco, cigarettes, cigars or chickpeas are seriously harmful to health.
They should be available near cigarette stores and tobacco products so that they can choose between substitution therapy and overdosing on cigarettes.
(B5-0580/00) by Mr Sakellariou, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the attempted coup in Paraguay and the arrest of General Oviedo;
I tell my colleague, Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi, that this is a label she should gladly accept and a badge she should be proud to wear.
Fourteen Kurds were suffocated in the trenches of a burning ship at Patras.
Thus, the LRA, armed resistance, does not hesitate to kidnap seven-year-old boys, subject them to extreme brutality to train them to fight and terrorize villagers.
Because behind the notions of racism and xenophobia are people and their destiny, which should not be used for a political spectacle.
Unwilling to turn back and unable to achieve the lockdown, European leaders are trying to make a logical determination of the nomads before they leave.
I remember when he was a renowned sprinter, and I rejoiced that a European athlete could defeat American dominance.
In this case, one-off measures may be used, for example with regard to taxes on diesel fuel and domestic oil, and especially if these measures are implemented at a general level.
One of the questions is whether the Union can negotiate the strategy for the necessary oil stocks, both on its own territory and with the United States, because it is obviously the decline in American stocks and the relative weakness of their stocks at present that is driving up the price of oil more and more.
We have a responsibility towards young people to provide them with the values necessary to build a future society in which violence and aggression are not seen as a trendy, cool model to be followed, but rather as vile instincts to be categorically rejected.
It may be useful to legislate in certain areas, but we do not need a multitude of narrow bureaucratic rules that discredit European cooperation without producing any real results.
This has enabled us, on the one hand, to raise awareness of the problem, although under dramatic conditions, but on the other hand, it imposes on us burdens which will not only be borne by the citizens, the affected regions or countries, but also by the international community, in order to have recognition of solidarity which I believe must be manifested at several levels.
Our police force will keep their uniforms, up to the comfortable wool jackets they're used to wearing.
It is not that of an anonymous murderer waiting for his victim in the dark hallway of his building, or that of violence that terrorizes to force a whole people through fear and blackmail, silence or complicity.
The German magazine Focus-Money recently published a survey showing that 70 percent of Germans are attached to the Deutschmark and want to keep it.
The rapporteur proposes interviewing firms which have not benefited from aid programmes.
The third point concerns a reserve regulation for regions heavily affected by the decline in fisheries resources.
I know that you yourself, Mr Prime Minister, are said to be upset by the terrible tragedy of last year, when 58 Chinese nationals were found dead, locked in a container in the port of Dover.
The same applies to very old coastal shipping, which has long been neglected, but is making a strong comeback under the new name of short-haul shipping, if everyone cooperates at all.
They're not giant centers of excellence.
We admire your country - I am even an admirer of your political transparency, but now I lack the courage to address these important questions of the future.
A mandatory advance memorandum is therefore a minimum requirement.
Nevertheless, we believe that the abduction highlights the need to put an end to the violent tensions in central and southern Somalia, a context in which all those who have just intervened have put their words.
This is the first time I 've heard that drunk driving is a crime , and even a crime to be punished as a border violation !
The lack of prosecution of the violence in Elexilo (Spain), which commentators have called a pogrom, is not worthy of Europe.
In addition to these own merits of encouraging good policies, the Commission's surveillance and dialogue with each country to which it has to lead is for us the counterpart that allows the drug regime to avoid being questioned, even by a WTO panel, on the grounds of unjustified discrimination between countries benefiting from the Community's GSP.
This type of aid, as you know, depends on compliance with certain economic policy requirements and is part of the IMF's one-year watch programme.
We are now witnessing a growing phenomenon, known as data breach - computer hacking and the theft of credit card details in bulk.
America is threatening us with continued global warming, a missile shield from the Star Wars era, meat with hormones, noisy planes, the Echelon listening system, a monopoly on patents, and a dollar that, as a means of international payment, has for decades spread US balance of payments deficits to the outside world.
It has been pointed out that an average running enthusiast exceeds the limit by a factor of seven to eight, while simply walking down the street could violate the rules.
I also spoke about this report at my meeting on Sunday 4 November.
They aim to give authorities the right not to bid for subway or tram services if there are good reasons for the costs, safety or risk of creating a permanent private monopoly rather than competition.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I hope that we can continue to enjoy the best desserts, the best nougat and the products made from the world's finest and most delicious hazelnuts and almonds.
This may be a dream for a businessman or a shareholder, but certainly not for most of our fellow citizens.
I tell Mrs De Palacio: it becomes a kind of joke; after three years you still don't know what will happen.
If we do not build a credible European defence, Europe will remain that rocket allowed to crash next to the American bulldog.
Europeans should not merely see the new agricultural bill as a disruptive instrument for trade, since it is also, by its objectives, scope and duration, the recognition of the right of each country to support its agriculture, because of specific issues, including social, territorial and environmental balance, which cannot be left to the discretion of free trade mechanisms.
There are already neighbourhoods in large cities that are not accessible to ordinary citizens at nightfall.
We hope that this European ban will help to implement a ban on spam, including outside Europe and in particular in the United States.
These gentlemen have probably also choked themselves in the palea of foreign policy.
(DE) The Socialist rapporteur, with the help of her Communist and Green colleagues, turned this report, which should have been an initiative report drawn up by the Committee on Women's Rights and Equality of Opportunities, into a propaganda prospectus in favour of abortion and contraception.
They don 't say I don 't like pudding like they say I don 't like an Arab .
To launch a European peace proposal in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and to tolerate a promoter of Palestinian terrorism are two incompatible things.
The report also supports comparative analysis, but takes the view that a good comparative analysis will require not only more comparable and reliable data, but also a more harmonised system of definitions, a recording and reporting of accidents and diseases at work.
Mr President, the terror and panic that terrorism is spreading is the same everywhere, whether it is an isolated shooter in Washington or a vast network such as Al Qaeda.
In any case, this was merely a pretext for the increased pressure exerted by the pressure groups of financial journalists who want, in fact, to create a general exception in their favour in terms of comitology, I mean self-regulation.
The Committee on Women's Rights is currently considering an initiative to impose the gender dimension on the European Parliament.
The streets, the prison, the nightclubs, the rave parties, are all places where hard drugs circulate freely and without the minimum safety criteria.
The Council and Parliament must formulate and implement the directive in such a way that there can be no question of social dumping or obstinate protectionism in the head of one of the parties.
Every spring summit seems to me to be an uninterrupted repetition of the Delors White Paper.
They are societies that expect a European way of life from Europe .
The comparison between a dishwasher, which is a detergent, and a chemically similar shampoo, a cosmetic product, is tempting, but this is an exceptional case.
This system does not take into account the costs of processing unsorted rice into unsorted rice and also results in the importation into the Community market of higher quality and higher prices of rice with reduced tariff duties.
He has an eye on oil, the new Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline having been opened last May by BP president Lord Browne.
According to this regulation, you should have me expelled immediately by your security guards, since I wear a T-shirt that has a little political slogan printed on the front and back.
Mr President, I should like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report.
Now that many European countries have the scourge of globalization - remember the referendum in France? - our globalization policy needs to be fairer and we need to speak more forcefully about fair trade and take more seriously our commitments to the Millennium Development Goals, which we accuse of falling behind the rest of the world when it comes to financing the fight against poverty.
In this area we are indeed seeing a grouping that can allow us to reach a synthesis between the concerns of those who, like you, have greater environmental ambitions, and those who, like others, have greater competitiveness ambitions.
Our farmers, for example, face substantially similar problems to those faced by farmers in Mexico or by Latin American SMEs in the face of the confiscation of their intellectual property, their know-how and, above all, their gradual elimination by a global trading system that puts our banana producers in the French Antilles or the Canary Islands in competition with producers in Honduras or Nicaragua, for the sole benefit of multinational companies like Chiquita.
Let me tell everyone who feels threatened wherever they are - and as a homosexual I could have been born in Poland, Latvia or the Czech Republic where I would have feared for my life, for my work - you are not alone, we are with you and we will win for the simple reason that kindness and justice have always prevailed.
The report welcomes our support because it is a comprehensive document which includes two unique Portuguese beverages which were initially forgotten by the Commission: Madeira rum and Madeira ponch.
It would be good to switch to LED bulbs as soon as possible, but this directive is about mercury in measuring devices, not low-energy bulbs.
Martin, let's not forget that this is not a penalty shoot-out goal, but a penalty goal in the middle of the game!
President Barroso travelled to Greece this weekend to see for himself the situation.
I am not advocating the prohibition of alcohol but I think we have missed our chance as Members of the European Parliament to treat alcohol as a potentially destructive addiction and whose consumption must be severely and not mildly restricted.
An Austrian writer, Gerd-Klaus Kaltenbrunner, once said that there are two types of oppressed communities and individual victims: one that has sensual charm and the other that does not.
Finally, I now hope that other aspects of air safety can be introduced throughout the EU, including surveillance of the cockpit door and luggage.
As the couple is assigned to their home, he used a cyber-camera link to participate in a European Parliament hearing on the human rights situation in China.
We have focused particularly on strengthening our resources in the field in our most important markets by creating market access teams bringing together a company, a Member State, a team and experts from the Commission.
As the great football coach Giovanni Trapattoni would probably say, it's all about taking off his belt and shoes and emptying his bottles!
This is also partly the fault of the biofuel rush: the EU's proposal to move to 10% biofuel in transport fuel; in America, 30% of corn crops are now going to ethanol, which reduces the land available for food production and raises the price of corn flour.
This includes the rules that prohibit stealing and occupying public areas, forcing children to beg or enslaving women, but also those that prohibit discrimination and persecution of the poor, and the ancestral repression of people who no longer know what their nationality is and who travel not by choice, but because after having had to flee so often, the road is the only thing they have left.
I am afraid that this phallocratic technology will completely fall outside the framework of French foreign policy.
However, the greatest victory is probably still to have succeeded in making this instrument applicable within 24 months of the entry into force of the Regulation to all categories of vehicles, from small cars to SUVs to larger vehicles which, given their heavy weight, are often the ones causing the most physical damage to citizens.
The Treaty of Lisbon has therefore expired despite all the manoeuvres it would try to impose on the peoples of Europe, the will of the ruling Euro-Worldist coterie.
With a leverage of only $5,000 , the New York financial operator was able to trigger a wave of speculation on oil that left bloody traces in the global economy .
How could consumers know immediately that the ketchup or yogurt they buy contains large amounts of sugar?
In comparison with the many interventions that have taken place on brain leakage, including those by Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr Borghezio, Mrs Budreikaitė, Mr Moreno, Mrs Lambert and Mrs Roure, I believe that the European Parliament has expressed its legitimate concerns to include safeguards in the blueprint to turn brain leakage into brain supply, and it seems to me that there are three main ways of doing so.
I can live with a March 5 referral, I can even live with an accelerated vote to withdraw that amendment.
I look forward to the day when the United States or Australia will realize that bullfighting is practiced in Spain and hunting in Finland.
The Commission will endeavour to adopt all the measures set out in the roadmap as soon as possible.
In this respect, as some have already pointed out, it is natural that full consideration should be given to ports and connections with their hinterlands in the context of transEuropean corridors and networks.
The result is a cake that gave them a stomachache.
Recently, the media has been talking a lot about the worsening agricultural conflicts, especially the case of the Bellacruz land ownership.
Judging by the low attendance in the Chamber, it is clear that the report is not a very successful book and yet it deals with one of the most important areas and is perhaps one of the best reports ever written by Mrs Theato.
The trans-European telecommunications network is not entirely comparable to energy and transport networks; for these two networks it is essentially infrastructure, improvement or construction, in other words equipment.
So for years we have been talking about experiments, and governments have been giving the dropper some kind of charity to deceive public opinion.
Large countryside has been turned into drug plantations and the trafficking of prostitution and stolen cars continues to flourish under the direction of various Albanian leaders.
We see how much sign language is alive when what is said or shown in television programs is interpreted through a split screen or through an inserted window.
Mr President, the Commission shares the views expressed in all the draft resolutions on the importance of doping in sport.
And it's not about animal welfare, it's about profit.
In fact, if we were made to be at the top of the food chain, don't you think we'd have some claws to tear the flesh apart?
Actually, there's a warning label on the fish.
How many slices of lard would you like?
We're not even done with lunch, it doesn't include the slice of bread with the cow butter you could put on it.
If you want more information, you can always email me at james@arff.org
Management teams are increasingly disconnected from employees.
Taking a much more radical stance against overconsumption, the company released an advertisement calling for Don't Buy This Dress at the height of the shopping season.
I'd like to put that kind of Friday night desk discussion aside and actually take you to the lab.
And at that moment, when I heard that, I was catapulted out of the subway, to find myself one night being transported by ambulance from the sidewalk where I was stabbed to the trauma room at St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan, and this is what happened: a gang came from Brooklyn.
Why is a golf club so light?
Since we're in Edinburgh, I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
How was your crossing of Burntisland Bay?
What I want to do is share some of the coolest things that are happening with you.
A destroyed attack tank belonging to the Somoza National Guard was left as a monument in a park in Managua, and was transformed by the energy and inventiveness of a child.
I thought back to the time I had to buy a gift for my niece and when I overdosed on pink, pink, pink, pink, pink!
You could never put a man in an inflatable bag because he'd be crushed.
On the first day -- I drop out of medical school and start trading on the black market.
It's just that she was wearing this sweater to the party and she came in like a star.
He didn't show up at the tennis courts and even stopped working at the family restaurant.
We'll prepare the grill while you're gone.
Imagine that we wanted this quad to make a triple turn and end up exactly where it started.
You know, I can interview myself.
Now, customer service means getting a response to your email within 24 hours.
The first sightseeing tourist site was built in the late 1980s in Western Australia, and now there are whale shark sightseeing destinations in more than 20 countries: Mexico, Belize, Mozambique, Kenya, the Philippines, Seychelles, and, of course, Australia.
And I have to talk to you about astronomy without showing you the slightest picture of a nebula or galaxy or anything... because my job is spectroscopy.
Although I want to make a whole philosophy reading list, I'm aware of not offending anyone, because that's really, really, really not my intention.
And then we started working on the piece -- an incredibly demanding nine to 10 months of work -- we've never used so many bright spots. More than 30,000 LEDs hand-welded onto small printed circuits, all handmade in England.
When the soldiers entered the cell to rape her eldest daughter, she clinged to her and refused to let them do so despite the revolt against her.
One of the earliest examples: The Sugarhill Gang used the bass riff of Chic's Good Times in their Rapper's Delight tube.
It requires that we put all our senses into the task, and that we apply the best of our thinking, feeling, and application to the challenge before us.
Act like a star
And then, if they walk into the living room and the husband watches a TV show where the women look like this, don't think, gentlemen, that it doesn't affect your wife negatively.
And I thought, maybe I could become a journalist and a gynecologist.
When the arm was intact but paralyzed, the brain sent commands to the arm, the front part of the brain saying move, the visual feedback saying no.
And to get in touch with the community and ask your neighbors about the kind of food they buy, the origin of these food products and the reasons for that purchase is a duty.
And if they have a smart phone and they're on Google, they have better access to information and knowledge than President Clinton did 15 years ago.
So, as she said, it's obviously an exaggeration, but that's why they called me the godfather of modern street skateboarding.
Is this about copyright and file sharing on their site?
With my bachelor's degree in pocket science, I started a career that took me, literally, around the world.
You'll have to take into account the food, the number of people leaving for the expedition, and the fuel for such a day
Throughout the series, she asks Mac to help her hack Wi-Fi connections, build websites and hack stuff, and they work together on different projects.
But in reality, it makes a difference, there's a passionate one in particular who's a particularly effective altruist because he has this.
These people had no bad intentions, and our relationship with them was not narrow or superficial.
We think of all the changes in local and regional power that are taking place in Ukraine, Belgium, Canada, Sweden and New Zealand.
This first Continental Congress supported the destruction of tea, pledged to support a continuing boycott, and returned home in late October 1774 even more united in their determination to protect their rights and freedoms.
It's a story about the water club. It's deep blue.
A blue-collar yacht club, where you can join the water club, but where you work at the shipyard, as a sort of membership condition.
And she turned her face to the continuous diffusion of windows from the railway transport window and contemplated the gray storm rain that looked as if it would go on forever and ever.
Nevertheless, since Jennifer Lawrence does a great job as an actress in the role of Katniss, we should take a moment to talk about distribution and skin color.
You've created a complete set of subtitles, thanks to Universal Subtitles!
You are allowed to integrate your funders into TEDx media: put their logo on invitations, posters, on your website or in the program.
As students at a major American university, I imagine you have access to a wide sample of academic journals.
Back to the red velvet-colored thousand-piece dress, the color of power and the blink of an eye to the previous queen, simple and devoted.
Jackson's study focuses on the story with the Coroncos in Sierra Leone.
He's trying to put the grapple on you, on the microgravity inside the human skull, to recommend which movie you might want to see next, which is a very, very difficult problem.
It's more clandestine because it's more in the wind.
Then we're going to make a staircase that will help you get up there.
I felt trapped because my life cost me 11 hours a day inside that windowless shelter.
This is a shipping container.
The rifle I was operating on was a standard M24 sniper rifle.
He's an airline host who brought him to the U.S. He contracted the disease in Africa and reported it.
First, we will stop at the Basilica of Maxenza, the last of the great public buildings erected in Rome before Constantine moved his capital.
In fact, I don't think the businessman's stereotype of crushing people to the top, in general, works.
I 'm in love with you , but the atmosphere is bad .
I'm six years old, and I don't cry when we leave home and come to the United States, because I expect to find a place full of good things, like bananas, chocolate, and Bazooka gum.
In fact, if I connect to our lab systems via the web, we can get a real-time idea of how many viruses, how many examples of new malware we identify every day.
So you've been a bad boy ever since?
I love children, I can be a nanny too.
Appreciate every compilation tape your friends make
Because of that, I became interested in blue tape, so in San Francisco, CA, I did a full exhibition on blue tape.
I've done a three-quarters-hour amount of work.
You can't be a conventional architect or an engineer, work for the phone company or any other old-fashioned organization and come up with a radically innovative idea.
I've made sure this chat line stays online for a few days.
Beatsy tells us this, that in the same way that you can explore the territories of consciousness, in the same way that Halim says that you can gain weight with butter in the coffee and very precise body monitoring and find what's right for you to go from 120kg to 75kg with 0.5% fat,
Noam and I felt that if we wanted our students to understand how computers work, and get to the bone marrow of it, then maybe the best way to do that was to get them to build a complete, functional, useful, general-purpose computer, hardware and software, right from the start, starting with the basics.
It was the Internet, this black box with a red light as depicted in the situation comedy The IT Crowd.
You can see how the emoticon comes out from under the triangle, and then disappears again under its edge.
I finally set foot in this biographical film about John Wayne Gacy.
Is it the mind or is the mind still too... seductive?