The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterways (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)).
The traffic which had to be diverted because of this stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
A considerable stumbling block is the fact that the regions and other operators find it impossible and are incapable of making plans in time.
We see a further example of this with the planned layoffs in Europe proposed by the corporation ABB Alsthom Power.
Mr President, Commissioner, I have brought you a small gift. Here is a cake of oil sent by someone living on the French island of Noirmoutier who wrote to me as follows:  With every tide, the beach is covered with heavy fuel oil which has leaked out of the Erika.
No tanker or freighter fit only for the scrap heap must ever put into any harbour within the European Union again. All those involved, including the transport agent, are responsible for any ensuing damage, and these individuals are to provide satisfactory assurances.
This cannot be ignored or evaded, certainly not on account of soft law, as was once suggested at a meeting of our Committee.
In this, their second report, the experts tell us that Italy is financed by the Cohesion Fund, that the ERDF and the Social Fund represent two-thirds of the Structural Funds and that the principles of additionality and complementarity in the Structural Funds come to the same thing. They tell us that the farming lobby is forcing us to finance rural development through the EAGGF-Guarantee and that the principle of partnership only applies to the Commission and to the Member States.
But none of this hides the fact that there is a certain sense of impotence, because when the negotiators from each side fly back to the United States this weekend, we will have to remember that, for every 100 dollars spent on the peace process in the region, 60 are contributed by the European Union.
A scoreboard tells people the score; it has to be up-to-date and it has to be clear and visible.
We risk having not too few charters of rights in this Community, but too many: national, European Union and European Convention; not too few tribunals having the final say about our rights but possibly too many - there is the Court across the river there, there is the Court in Luxembourg.
If we look at the private sector, however, we will find not only that this fabled 'financial stability' has been unsuccessful but that we are most probably sitting on a volcano ready to erupt at any moment.
If a company in France says that it has an employee who has to work in Denmark on a permanent basis, and only in Denmark, then it certainly ought only to be possible to apply for this card for Denmark.
The day before yesterday I was pleased to hear an interview given by the KFOR commander showing how much better matters in connection with this in Kosovo were starting to be, particularly as regards security, crime levels had been restored to an acceptable level.
In order to ensure that at least 50% of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, it is not enough to deal with a few hot spots that will be more profitable in the short term.
This PPE/DE-PSE resolution commends the initiative taken by fourteen Member States to apply pressure to Austria by organising a sort of diplomatic boycott.
Last Thursday speaking times were extremely tight and then suddenly we had between one and one-and-a-half hours when there was nothing on the agenda and we had to wait for the vote.
Madam President, this afternoon, in this Chamber, reference was made to a series of reports on the BBC Today programme this morning, which claimed that certain of my colleagues were running personal lobbying companies or somehow misusing their position as Members of this House.
How do we explain to workers who fall victim to the rationalisations of the worldwide Monopoly game that they must be prepared to change career several times in their working lives when the captains of industry, having lost the gamble of a take-over, leave with compensation of EUR 30 million?
And that brings me to the fourth aspect of this new development model that I would like to emphasise. Particularly in recent years, development policies have been regarded as an increasingly global matter, and yet there is apparently a lack of strong international leadership.
It would also incur all the transaction costs of selling your shares and then buying them again after the fall.
The Commission proposals being debated here will give it the face-lift it needs.
To conclude, Mr President, allow me to remind the House that the directive needs a makeover which will make UCITS even more attractive, but it does not need to be strapped into a European corset which will squeeze the life out of it.
This question should be answered in light of the fact that the age-old monopoly has de facto been undermined by all kinds of courier companies and by technological developments, such as fax and e-mail.
Telecommunications costs have risen as a consequence of companies being bought and sold and marketing costs accounting for more than 50% of companies' turnover.
You perhaps know that, in Finland, the president is not just the leading public figure or political leader, but she is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces, so this was quite an interesting and historic occasion.
We know that UNICE has, on behalf of the employers, publicly shown its colours in the preparatory documents for the European business summit to be held in Brussels in June: the public authorities are requested to remove all social, regulatory and fiscal barriers to the development of business and to invest massively in shoring up demand.
The Commission then had the choice of setting the European standard at the maximum quality level and extending the ban to all Member States but, under pressure from multinational companies wishing to reduce their production costs, in April 1996 the Commission proposed a directive authorising the addition of a minimum level of vegetable fats.
In order to appease the multinationals, consumers would have their lives made more complicated as labelling would become more creative and reassuring, small specialist chocolate makers would have to establish a 'quality chocolate' label, cocoa-exporting countries would have to adapt... and you dare to speak to us of a Europe that is close to the citizens, that is generous, transparent and respectful of cultural differences!
I certainly agree with what he said in the last part of his answer about the need for capacity-building in the least developed countries as well as, perhaps the need for asymmetrical measures, resulting in a certain level of protection for their markets that we do not seek to enjoy in return.
What we have to do as far as possible, and I am making every effort to achieve this, is to ensure that what is generally a good deal between the Americans and the Chinese is also a good deal for Europeans.
Let me take the example of spirits. Bourbon and gin are not handled in the same way as whisky and cognac.
Today it was revealed that the Austrian entrant in a show jumping competition in Grenoble had his invitation withdrawn.
This is the combination of Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, in itself a sensational combination, but this club never takes part in debates on technical work.
Thirdly, I should like to state for the record that the fact that such speeches are given here fills me with consternation, as does the fact, which I ascertained from his loud applause, that Caudillos Le Pen is still allowed to sit in this House, despite the fact that he has already lost his eligibility for office on account of his prize fighting activities in the French election campaign.
The IT boom is confronted by mergers and redundancies.
Technological progress is an all-too familiar slogan.
With the forecast growth in electronic shopping over the next few years, heavy bank fees for money changes will be a serious disincentive for consumers to shop over the Internet.
One of the key proposals is to separate the audit and financial control functions.
In this respect, however, Mr Blair and Mr Aznar and their followers are held captive by archaic liberal ideas, which are conformist in the most ordinary way: allow the market, particularly the financial market, to operate, introduce wage flexibility, reduce labour costs, even if it means boosting the mechanism which produces inequality, precariousness and exclusion across the entire planet.
I hope that the early warning facility, which involved a great many experts, will also be built into our ability to receive signals at an earlier stage.
I would, at long last, like to have a response to my question on cash management and the solution to this problem which is particularly hitting small and medium-sized businesses.
The Commission considers that extending the period in this way would reduce the credibility of the central theme of our proposal, which is that the COM in bananas should be brought into line with the WTO rules as soon as possible.
This behaviour does not contravene the Rules of Procedure, but it is contrary to the notion of fair play and the proper functioning of Parliament.
We have a system that is going to be operated by the users and the point I want to make this evening in now thinking ahead, because we are confident we are going to get this directive through, is to say to the Commission that we need to have a very comprehensive and a very fast feedback from the users about the problems and issues that they are encountering in using this directive.
In my opinion, it is mainly up to a manager to take responsibility for the precise detail of personnel policy.
I want to know whether junior doctors in some countries are some sort of superhuman who can do without adequate rest and who will not harm their own health or that of their patients in the process.
Mr President, the proposed working time directive for specific categories of worker such as doctors in training, offshore workers or mobile workers, is typical of the slow and derisory nature of social Europe.
We have an ersatz currency whose volatility is enhanced by its non-identifiable character.
The good thing is that we had the money so we were able to do something of real value as the only donor around, except for a few elite donors who are trying to shame the rest by moving forward and setting a good example - the usual gang.
They are lured under false pretences - through job advertisements, for example - into becoming hairdressers or into working in bars or as dancers, or else they are enticed via the lonely hearts columns.
We therefore support the amendments prioritising the protection of public health, particularly those prohibiting product descriptions for, whether it is  light  ,  ultralight  or  mild  , tobacco, in the form of cigarettes, cigars or snuff tobacco, seriously damages one' s health.
It should be available next to where all cigarettes and tobacco products are sold. You can opt to buy replacement therapy rather than overdose on cigarettes.
(B5-0580/2000) by Mr Sakellariou, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the attempted coup d' état in Paraguay and the arrest of General Oviedo;
I say to my colleague, Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi, that it is a label she should accept with pleasure and a badge which she should wear with pride.
Fourteen Kurds died of asphyxiation in the hold of a burning ship in Patras.
In this way, the LRA, the armed resistance, does not hesitate to kidnap seven-year-old boys and subject them to extreme brutality to train them to fight and terrorise villagers.
Because underlying the concept of racism and xenophobia there are people and their destinies, and they should not be used to put on some kind of political show.
Not wanting any roll back and unable to achieve containment, European leaders are logically seeking to prevent these nomads from leaving their home countries.
I remember his time as a great sprinter, and I was delighted that someone from a European country was able to end American dominance of the sport.
This means that very precise measures with regard to taxes on diesel and heating oil, for example, within the realms of possibility, will be a good solution, if they are implemented generally.
One question is this: is the Union in a position to negotiate strategies for vital stocks of oil both within its own territory and with the United States, as, apparently, the decline in US stocks and now their need for replenishment are pushing up the spot price of oil even further.
We are responsible for ensuring that our young people can shape a future society in which violence and aggression are not presented as hip or cool or as examples to be copied but as deeply reprehensible.
There may be a need for legislation in some areas, but we have no need for a host of bureaucratic and constricting rules which bring European cooperation into discredit without producing real results.
This has, on the one hand, allowed us to gain a deeper understanding of the issue, an understanding forced upon us by tragic events but, on the other hand, it imposes upon us certain burdens which are certainly not ours alone: they are not the burdens of one or more affected regions, they are burdens not only of the country but of the international community as well, so that solidarity is displayed and acknowledged at different levels.
Our police force will retain their uniforms, right down to the comforting woolly pullies that they have taken to wearing.
It does not find expression in the anonymous assassin waiting for his victim in the dark vestibule of his apartment block or in the use of violent terrorism to force a whole people, through fear and blackmail, into silence or passive complicity.
The German magazine, Focus-Money, recently published a survey showing that 70% of Germans are committed to the Deutschmark and wish to retain it.
The rapporteur puts forward the proposal that enterprises that have not taken up support programmes should be interviewed.
The third point is the so-called set aside scheme for regions which are hit hard by the dwindling fish stocks.
I know that you, Prime Minister, expressed your dismay after the awful tragedy last year when 58 Chinese people were found dead in a container in Dover.
Incidentally, the same applies to the ancient practice of coastal navigation, which has long allowed itself to be elbowed out, but is now making a powerful comeback under the modern name of short sea shipping, providing everyone pulls together at any rate.
These are not 'giant' centres of excellence.
We admire your country - I personally am a great fan of your political transparency, but I am fast losing heart when it comes to these crucial issues regarding the future.
A compulsory brief beforehand is therefore a minimum requirement.
Nevertheless, we believe that these kidnappings highlight the need to bring an end to the violent tensions in central and southern Somalia, as each of the previous speakers have also stressed.
It is the first time I have heard that drink driving is not just a crime but the sort of a crime which can only be punished by violating borders.
As for the lack of action following the election violence in Spain, described as a pogrom by commentators, this is not worthy of Europe.
We believe that, as well as being good things in their own right, the encouraging of sound policies, the monitoring that is carried out by the Commission and the resulting dialogue with each country are also the counter-concession which allows the 'drugs' arrangements to escape being called into question, even by a WTO panel, on the grounds that it creates unjustified discrimination between countries benefiting from the Community GSP.
This type of aid, as you know, is conditional upon certain economic policy demands and is proposed within a stand-by programme of the International Monetary Fund for one year.
We now have a growing phenomenon of so-called data streaming - hacking into computer systems and stealing credit card details in bulk.
America is threatening us with increased global warming, again with an anti-missile shield dating from the 'Star Wars' period, with meat containing hormones, noisy aircraft, the ECHELON tapping system, a monopoly of patents and with a dollar which, as international currency, has for decades passed on the deficits of the American balance of payments to the outside world.
It has been pointed out that the average jogger exceeds the limit by a factor of 7 or 8, while even walking down a road could break the rules.
I talked about Mr Turco' s document during my meeting on Sunday 4 November as well.
These would mean that authorities would be justified in not tendering metro and tram services if there were good reasons of cost, safety or risk of creating a permanent private monopoly rather than competition.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I trust we shall be able to continue enjoying the best desserts, the best nougat, and all those products manufactured with the best and most delicious hazelnuts and almonds in the world.
This may make entrepreneurs' and shareholders' mouths water, but it certainly will not appeal to most of our fellow citizens.
I must say to the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, that this is turning into some kind of joke: after three years we still do not know what is going to happen.
Without the development of credible European defence, Europe remains a yapping puppy that is allowed to frolic alongside the American bulldog.
European citizens should not simply regard the new farm bill as an instrument that will disrupt trade, since its objectives, scope and length also acknowledge each country's right to support its agricultural industry, given the practical challenges, such as social, territorial and environmental balance, which cannot be left to the mercy of free trade mechanisms alone.
The average citizen will not venture into certain areas of our big cities after dusk.
It hopes that this Europe-wide ban will help establish a ban on spam outside Europe too, especially in the United States.
It appears that the gentlemen have also choked on the paella of foreign policy.
This own-initiative report, which the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities was authorised to draw up, has been turned by its socialist rapporteur and her communist and green acolytes into a pamphlet in favour of abortion and contraception.
Saying 'I don't like bread pudding' is not the same as saying 'I don't like Arabs'.
The launch of a European peace proposal for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is simply incompatible with tolerating a sponsor of Palestinian terror.
The report also welcomes benchmarking, but it takes the view that a successful benchmarking approach will need not just more comparable and reliable data but also a harmonised system of definitions, recording and reporting of occupational injuries and diseases.
Mr President, the dread and panic which terrorism spreads is the same regardless of whether the perpetrator is a lone sniper in Washington or large-scale networks such as Al-Qaeda.
In any event, this was merely an excuse to redouble the pressure exerted by the lobbies of financial journalists who want, in fact, to create a general exception in their favour in the field of comitology; I am talking about self-regulation full stop.
We are at present working in the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities on an initiative to achieve gender mainstreaming in the European Parliament, a kind of gender equality health programme if you like.
Streets, the penal system, nightclubs, raves, are all places where hard drugs circulate freely and without regard to the minimum standards of health and safety.
What is important is that the Council and Parliament draw up and present the directive in such a way as to rule out the possibility of social dumping, and also the possibility of rigid protection of one of the parties, and I hope, therefore, that the negotiations are productive.
Every Spring Summit seems to me like a non-stop re-run of the Delors White Paper.
They expect the European Union to herald a European way of life.
The comparison between a washing-up liquid, which is a detergent, and a chemically similar shampoo, a cosmetic, is a tempting one to make, but it is an exceptional case.
This price does not take account of the costs of processing from unhusked to cargo. Further, it results in better quality, more expensive rice being imported into the Community at lower tariffs.
They have an eye on the oil, the new Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline having been opened last May by BP Chairman Lord Browne.
According to those rules, you should have your ushers throw me out immediately, because I am wearing a T-shirt with a small political slogan printed on the front and back.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (FR) Mr President, I come from a country that 'deals' in nuclear technology.
Now that many European countries have the globalisation blues - remember the referendum in France? - our globalisation policy ought to be a more just one, with us speaking out more emphatically in favour of fair trade and getting more serious about our commitment to the Millennium Development Goals, in which respect we are lagging behind the rest of the world when it comes to funding the war on poverty.
In this area, we do see the solid outlines of a possible accommodation between the concerns of those who, like yourselves, are more ambitious where the environment is concerned and those who are more ambitious when it comes to competitiveness. The two sets of concerns are not mutually exclusive.
Our farmers, for example, are basically confronted with problems similar to those of the campesinos in Mexico or of Latin American SMIs, faced, as they are, with the confiscation of their intellectual property, their expertise and, above all, faced with their gradual wiping out by a global trade system that pits our banana producers in the French West Indies and the Canaries against producers from Honduras or Nicaragua, solely to benefit multinationals like Chiquita.
Let me say to anyone who feels under attack wherever they are - and, as a gay man, I could have been born in Poland, Latvia or the Czech Republic in fear of my life, in fear of my job - you are not alone, we are with you and we will win for the simple reason that goodness and justice always succeed in the end.
The report has our backing because it is a complete document that includes two unique Portuguese drinks initially overlooked by the Commission, namely Madeira rum and poncha da Madeira.
It is a good idea to change over to LED lights as soon as possible, but this Directive is about mercury in measuring devices and not about low-energy light bulbs.
Martin, let us not forget, this is not a penalty shootout, but a penalty awarded mid-game!
President Barroso travelled to Greece this weekend to size up the situation for himself.
I am not advocating alcohol prohibition, but I believe that our chance as MEPs to deal with alcohol as a potentially killer drug of addiction, the use of which needs to be seriously, not mildly, restricted, has been missed.
An Austrian writer, Gerd-Klaus Kaltenbrunner, once said that there are two types of oppressed community and individual victim: one with and one without sex appeal.
Finally I hope now that other aspects of aviation safety and security can be introduced EU wide, including cockpit door and baggage hold surveillance.
Because the couple are under house arrest they used a webcam link to take part in a hearing of the European Parliament on the human rights situation in China.
In particular, we have focused on strengthening our resources on the ground in our most important markets by creating market access teams that bring together a business, a Member State and Commission staff and experts.
As top Italian football coach Giovanni Trapattoni would probably put it, 'Belts off, bottles empty, shoes off!'
It is partly, though, a result of the rush into biofuels: the EU proposal of a 10% increase in fuel for transport; in America, the 30% of corn crops now going into ethanol, reducing the land available for food and pushing up the price of cornflour.
This means rules that prevent people from stealing and squatting on public property, forcing children to beg or women into slavery, but also those that prohibit discrimination and persecution of the poor, and the decades-old repression of people who no longer know what nationality they are and are travellers not through choice, but because after fleeing so many times, the only thing that remains is life on the road.
I am afraid this macho technology drives far too much of French foreign policy.
The greatest victory, though, has probably been succeeding in making the instrument applicable within 24 months of the Regulation's entry into force to all categories of car, from small cars to SUVs and to vehicles of a larger size which often, because of their large weights, are the ones that cause the most physical damage to citizens.
The Lisbon Treaty is therefore void, despite all the schemes that it would seek to impose on the European people, the will of the ruling euro-globalist camarilla.
With a lever of a mere USD 5 000 the New York trader had succeeded in triggering a wave of speculation on oil that was to wreak havoc throughout the world economy.
It is not obvious to consumers when they buy ketchup or yoghurt that they contain lots of sugar.
As for the numerous remarks about the brain drain - in particular those of Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr Borghezio, Mrs Budreikaitė, Mr Moreno, Mrs Lambert and Mrs Roure, I believe the European Parliament has expressed its legitimate concerns about including in the Blue Card safeguards to transform the brain drain into a brain gain, and it seems to me that there are three main ways to do this.
Personally, I can live with postponing it until 5 March; I can even live with a 'speed vote' withdrawing that amendment.
I await the day when the United States of America or Australia wake up to the fact that there is bullfighting in Spain and elk hunting in Finland.
The Commission will endeavour to have all the measures planned in the roadmap adopted as soon as possible.
Of course, in this regard it is important - as has already been said - for ports and hinterland connections to be given due consideration in connection with corridors and trans-European networks.
The result is a cake that gives them belly ache.
The media have recently reported in depth about the increasingly serious conflicts about land there, in particular on the case of Hacienda Bellacruz.
Looking at the Chamber, one can clearly see that this report is not a great best-seller, even though it deals with a most important sector and is perhaps one of the best reports ever produced by Mrs Theato.
Telecom TENs, in my view, can only be compared up to a point with the other TENs in energy and transport, where the main aim is to improve or create network infrastructure, in other words hardware.
For years we have been told of such experiments and the Member States grant a handful of pittances in order to fool public opinion.
Vast areas of the countryside have been transformed into drug plantations, and prostitution and trafficking in stolen cars flourish under the direction of various Albanian bosses.
We can see how alive sign language is when what is being said and done in a television programme is interpreted on a split screen or in a window placed on the screen.
Mr President, the Commission shares the opinions expressed in all the motions for resolutions on the importance of doping in sport.
And the business is not in the welfare of the animals, it's on producing a profit.
In fact, if we were meant to be on the top of the food chain, don't you think we would have some claws to rip through flesh?
In fact, there is a warning label on fish.
How many slices of bacon would you want?
We are not even done with breakfast, this is not including the toast with cow's butter you might put on it.
If you guys want more information, you can always email me at james@arff.org
Management teams seem increasingly disconnected from their staff.
In an even more radical stance against consumerism, the company placed a  Don't Buy This Jacket  advertisement during the peak of shopping season.
I'd like to put this kind of Friday night bar discussion aside and get you to actually step into the lab.
And at that moment, when I heard that, I just got catapulted out of the subway car into a night when I had been getting a ride in an ambulance from the sidewalk where I had been stabbed to the trauma room of St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan, and what had happened was a gang had come in from Brooklyn.
Why is this golf club so light?
Since we're in Edinburgh, I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
Bell says,  What sort of crossing did you have on the ferry from Burntisland?
What I want to do is share some of the coolest things that are going on with you.
A destroyed tank belonging to Somoza's national guard was left as a monument in a park in Managua, and was transformed by the energy and spirit of a child.
I remembered the time I had to buy my niece a gift and overdosed on pink, pink, pink, pink, pink!
You could never put a human inside of an airbag, because they would get squashed.
Day one-- I drop out of medical school and start dealing on the black market.
She was just wearing this tank top tonight at the party and then she made a cameo appearance
He didn't show up at the tennis courts and even stopped part-timing at the family restaurant.
We'll be preparing the bbq while you're gone.
Suppose we want this quad here to perform a triple flip and finish off at the exact same spot that it started.
You know, I can do an interview by myself.
Now customer service means getting a reply to your email within 24 hours.
So, the first whale shark tourism spot was set up in the late 1980s, in western Australia, and today, there are whale shark tourism destinations in over 20 countries: in Mexico, and Belize, in Mozambique, and Kenya, in the Philippines, in the Seychelles, and of course, in Australia.
I have to talk about astronomy without showing you any single image of nebulae or galaxies, etc. because my job is spectroscopy.
I'm one to stray away from theological arguments, although I might eventually do a whole philosophy playlist, but I want to be very careful not to offend anyone's sensibilities, because that truly, truly, truly is not my intention.
Then we started building the piece, which was a nine - or ten-month process. Incredibly laborious. The biggest, most light points we've ever used.
When the soldiers burst in her cell to rape her oldest daughter, she grabs hold of her and refuses to let go, even when they hold a gun to her head.
Early example: the Sugarhill Gang samples the bass riff from Chic's  Good Times  in the 1979 hit  Rapper's Delight .
It demands that we bring all of our senses to the task, and that we apply the very best of our thinking, our feeling and our doing to the challenge that we have at hand.
Act like a superstar
And then, if they walk in the living room and the husband is watching a television show where the women do look like that, don't think, man, that that doesn't impact your wife negatively.
And I thought, maybe I can be a reporter and doctor gynecologist.
When the arm was intact, but paralyzed, the brain sends commands to the arm, the front of the brain, saying,  Move,  but it's getting visual feedback saying,  No.
And going out into the community and interviewing your neighbors about what kind of food they buy and from where and why -- that's a homework assignment.
And if they're on a smart phone on Google they've got access to more knowledge and information than president Clinton did 15 years ago.
So, as she mentioned, that is overstated for sure, but that's why they called me the godfather of modern street skating.
Is copyright and file sharing discussed on their website?
After undergraduate, I went to a coporate career that, literally, took me around the world.
You will take into account the food, the number of people going on this expedition, and the fuel for such a journey.
So throughout the television series she is constantly going to Mac asking her for help in how to break into wifi networks and how to create websites and how to hack into different things and they work together as a pair on various projects.
But in fact it does make a difference, and in fact there's one particular nerd who has been a particularly effective altruist because he got this.
These are not bad people; these are not narrow or superficial relationships.
We're thinking about all the local power shifts, regional power shifts going on in the Ukraine and Belgium, Canada and Sweden and New Zealand.
This first Continental Congress supported destruction of the tea, pledged to support a continued boycott, and went home in late October 1774 even more united in their determination to protect their rights and liberties.
This is a story on the yacht club that's all basically blue collar.
Blue-collar yacht club, where you can join the yacht club, but you've got to work in the boat yard, as sort of condition of membership.
And she turned her face toward the streaming panes of the window of the railway carriage and gazed out at the gray rain-storm which looked as if it would go on forever and ever.
Although, Jennifer Lawrence does a phenomenal job in the role of Katniss, we should take a moment to talk about race and casting in the film.
You'll have created a complete set of subtitles, using Universal Subtitles!
You are allowed to integrate sponsors in TEDx communiation measures. Show their logo on the invite, a poster, your website or your program booklet.
By virtue of being students at a major U.S. university, I assume you have access to a wide variety of scholarly journals.
Back to the regulation red-velvet dress.** The colour of power and a discreet nod to her simple, pious predecessor.
The study Jackson performed focuses on storytelling with the Coronco people in Sierra Leone.
It's trying to get a grasp on you, on the firmware inside the human skull, so that it can recommend what movie you might want to watch next -- which is a very, very difficult problem.
It's more underground because it's more up-to-date..
Then we're going to make an escalator that helps you get up there.
I felt trapped because the life I was living cost me 11 hours a day inside a windowless bunker.
This is a shipping container.
The rifle I was operating was standard M24 sniper rifle.
The epidemic was introduced to the US by actually one male steward on an airline flight, who got the disease in Africa and brought it back.
And we'll stop first at the Basilica of Maxentius, the last of the great civic buildings built in Rome before Constantine moved the capital.
I don't actually think that the stereotype of a businessperson treading all over people to get to the top, generally speaking, works.
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
I am six years old, and I don't cry when we leave home and we come to America, because I expect it to be a place filled with rare and wonderful things like bananas and chocolate and Bazooka bubble gum,
In fact, if I just connect back to our lab systems through the Web, we can see in real time just some kind of idea of how many viruses, how many new examples of malware we find every single day.
So you were a bad boy from then on?
I love kids, I can be a babysitter too.
Appreciate every mixtape your friends make
Because of that, I became interested in blue tape, so in San Francisco, at C.C., I had a whole exhibition on blue tape.
Cos I went for a 45 minutes nap and my hair is like this!
You cannot be a conventional architect, a conventional engineer, work for the telephone company, or any other of the old establishment and come up with an idea that is a radical innovation.
I stuck that thread so it lasted a few days.
Beatsy tells us that. Just as way we can explore the territories of our conscience, just as Halim says we can improve with butter in our coffee, and a very accurate monitoring of our body and find what could help us drop from 120 kg to 75 kg with 0.5% body fat.
So Noam and I had this insight that if we want our students to understand how computers work, and understand it in the marrow of their bones, then perhaps the best way to go about it is to have them build a complete, working, general-purpose, useful computer, hardware and software, from the ground up, from first principles.
This was the Internet, this black box with a red light on it, as represented in the sitcom  The IT Crowd.
You see how the smiley face slides out from under the triangle, and then slinks back under its edge.
Yeah, I finally got in on that John Wayne Gacy bio pic.
That it is the mind? Or does the mind still has so much sex appeal?