First of all, Madam President, thank you very much for keeping your word and now, in the first session of the new year, the range of television programmes in our offices has been greatly expanded.
The success of these guidelines will be measured by whether the EU's regional policy, based on good, secure and viable guidelines, is able to open up new possibilities and ensure that our poor and structurally weak regions can make a comprehensive contribution to growth and prosperity in the EU.
Mrs Rapporteur, you have emphasized that this is about setting specifications for a number of often very precise European objectives.
It is very important to introduce the latest technology and expertise to enterprises in regions lagging behind in development.
In the Objective 1 regions, temporary measures are also essential to this end, namely employment measures, special programmes to promote women's employment and initiatives to encourage the start of selfemployment.
It also gives rise to the possibility of a positive development of the regions, because people work and work when the conditions are right.
We are having an important debate today on the competition policy of the European Union, and we are talking about a very controversial modernisation of European antitrust law, namely the Wogau report, which is much more controversial than perhaps the vote in the Economic Committee made clear.
In the steel industry and in shipbuilding, which we have recently discussed, there has been a sharp decline in orders, resulting in a corresponding loss of jobs.
After all, do you think Seattle is serious about advocating a greater role for the World Trade Organization?
A team of European inspectors should be deployed to verify the condition of ships effectively and efficiently.
We must be grateful to those who, in the face of the lack of protection and the lack of resources, have fought hard against the serious effects of this disaster on the coastal regions, the marine ecosystem and the fisheries resources of Europe.
We must reduce CO2 emissions, use renewable energy and ask in general about the situation of European forests.
In an industry with an annual turnover of around EUR 600 billion, even the slightest decrease in purchasing power can have a profound effect.
There are various things that can undermine consumer confidence, such as the lack of information.
Of course, a new social action programme must also take account of developments, for example in the field of information technology, must be progressive and timely.
The European Parliament also condemned in a resolution the continuing violence against the Serb population and urged the leaders of the Albanians in Kosovo to fully respect UN Resolution 1244, citing certain atrocities against Serbs and Roma.
I think we should also consider how best to present this to the public.
They will understand that this question must be considered at the intergovernmental conference and that it is one of the subjects on which only a special summit of the European Council can authorise the Portuguese Presidency to pursue it further because it is one of the issues outside the institutional framework in which the next intergovernmental conference will be held.
It cannot be that investment and job creation are less profitable than short-term foreign exchange and share sales.
History has taught us that the fascists use the tactics of alternation: first hot - populist and xenophobic speeches - then cold - they become visible, they are represented in institutions into which they gradually invade and undermine them and then one day attack them.
What will citizens say if they are solemnly declared their rights but cannot sue them individually?
Former Commission President Jacques Delors once again made public the idea of the European Confederation, while also pointing out that the pioneering countries leading the union should move faster than others and set up their own institutions for the sake of clarity.
The main problem is that at the present time the burden distribution between the various donors is set out - this is true - in the statements of the higher steering group, but it is also true that they have no legal force but that it is only a political obligation.
If 50% or more of the energy mix is to come from renewable energy sources, we must not settle for some fuels that are more economical in the short term.
Reverse acts are bad acts, unjust and often impracticable.
What are the values of those socialists who, in the last century, voted for more social justice for the poorest, and who today are only the party of the favoured officials, trade union officials and state capitalism?
The outermost regions, and in particular the four French overseas departments, must be able to coordinate INTERREG III and the EEC in order to pay for cooperation projects with their ACP neighbours in their respective geographical areas.
Fear and unrest also prevail in regions that are prosperous and almost unemployed.
Never believe that the budgetary reform you are proposing will hide the limitations of the Community financial system.
Mrs McCarthy, for example, suggests increasing funding for URBAN and promoting this Community initiative through a costly advertising campaign to promote the welfare of federal Europe.
But we have amended the draft report adopted by the Committee on Agriculture in order to clarify certain points and to make this Community initiative more practical.
My question, Commissioner Byrne: It has been emphasized at the UN meeting in Montreal in particular that there must be a labelling of genetically modified organisms in international trade.
We therefore have always advocated a progressive system of cost coverage, one which takes very strongly into account the social, environmental and economic effects and whose application should be variable in view of the different geographical and climatic conditions.
In my view, it is not necessary to unify all national social protection systems, as has never been the case, but it is simply a matter of ensuring the best conditions for the functioning of the internal market in a Europe of 30 or 27 countries, without one State stopping the other 26 or 27.
I am concerned about this because if we adopt a text, we are in constant danger of being sued by the World Trade Organization, which will lead to a complete challenge to European environmental legislation and in particular to this proposal.
If we are to stimulate everyone, I believe that this message must be spread from the top down - or, if you like, from the bottom up - across all levels.
I would like to know if you are going to stop the funds completely at this time until a proper investigation has taken place.
In the midst of the election campaign, a number of figures, all from the ruling party, held clear campaign speeches which were also broadcast simultaneously on television.
Many of these requests are based on the highly constructive, informal discussions that took place between Parliament and the Council in connection with the first reading.
It is well known that a considerable part of the aid is now being used through the measures of the Member States, which are not always supportive and coordinated.
In the light of the results of these evaluations, I should like to mention the following problems: there are too many and too vague objectives in Community policy and this has a detrimental effect on coherence.
These countries already represent 13% of the world's population, but only 0.4% of exports and 0.6% of imports worldwide.
I have refrained from voting for another reason: I think it is time for the institutions of the European Union to stop trying and looking for good practice to take the necessary steps and instead start giving concrete clues to the citizens of the Union about what Europe really wants to be.
I am speaking against an unworthy and inhuman organization that literally destroys hundreds of millions of human beings from poverty in order to increase the wealth of a minority.
The issue of certain joint investment firms in securities (JIS) may appear complicated and technically and politically dangerous.
In conclusion, I would like to mention that some of my colleagues think that this proposal would go too far, while others think that I would not be generous enough.
The rights of detainees; the authorities entitled to seek legal aid - we think the Council has been treated somewhat lightly.
Secondly, it is also unfair to workers in other firms where there is also reorganization and job losses.
Human rights are systematically and continuously violated there, not only by UNITA but also by the government itself.
We therefore hope that journalists - more than twenty were imprisoned last year - will be able to continue to express their views freely.
It is therefore very shameful that such a thing can happen at all.
Secondly, I would like to clear up an ingrained notion, starting from an apparent contradiction which clearly emerges from the Eurostat data surveys: the world's leading holiday countries are not those that have always been considered holiday countries, but the more developed nations where the quality of life of the indigenous population is a decisive factor for advertising and attractiveness.
But I also believe that in the future it will be necessary to make the universal service attractive accordingly.
This is the defence of a territory, the preservation of a homeland and, more generally, the protection of interests that are considered essential.
As you know, the Iraqi government has refused to accede to the UN Convention 1284, which is expected to result in the next six to seven weeks when the members of the special group responsible for monitoring the destruction of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons will be denied entry.
And above all, we want to blame this economy where a company can pollute an entire area or impoverish it by shutting down operations for extra profit.
It would therefore be much more sensible to examine why some countries and regions are doing so poorly than to declare that we are significantly behind the United States.
This implies both market and public responsibility.
But we do not want to introduce or centralize rigid governance in Europe.
I am not particularly radical or impulsive, but my colleagues seem to be missing something at a time when we are trying to bring Europe back to the people, because we want them to know what we are doing here.
If in the United Kingdom farmers are becoming insolvent every day, if the suicide rate among farmers and agricultural workers is as high as ever, if the economy in the rural areas of the United Kingdom is falling rapidly, how can I explain that it is better to spend 300 million euros on Kosovo?
For example, why not take the idea that a certain number of citizens - let us say from three different EU countries - can start a citizens' initiative, which can then be channelled through the European Parliament?
Does the Commission not feel that, given the EU's support for the UN resolutions on Western Sahara and the concern generated by this two-letter letter, it should quickly and in agreement with the Council formally ask the UN Secretary-General for assurances about the international legal status of the waters of Western Sahara?
It cannot be assumed that there will continue to be an obvious violation of basic environmental legislation.
I would like to address only three of the areas in which my group has been actively involved: the demand to take action against attacks on independent journalists, the demand to protect conscientious objectors and refugees, and the demand to develop smart penalties, smart sanctions, which are directed not against large sections of the population but against the tyrannical presidents of purchasing governments who have acquired wealth.
I think those who want to speak seriously about human rights in the EU should actually speak about human rights as well and not try to abuse these valuable and good reports into tactical domestic games.
We will also consider how we can further strengthen these measures.
Mr Pirker has not spoken about the Rules of Procedure, but, as clever as he is, he has given a short two-and-a-half-minute speech under the guise of an application for the Rules of Procedure, which must be seen as an Austrian who also comes from Carinthia.
In fact, they are very different and need to be treated separately.
How do we create new markets?
In addition, democratic surveillance of national intelligence services is in any event primarily a matter for national parliaments.
However, the police counter-strategy necessary for this remains a priority within the national competence.
Firstly, the creation of better international standards within the framework of ICAO, cooperation within this organisation to achieve a common objective, namely to further reduce noise at airports and thus reduce noise pollution through the use of state-of-the-art technologies, with a deadline for the decommissioning of the most noise-intensive aircraft by setting up a Chapter 4.
The EU could take immediate concrete and effective action, for example on debt issues or technology exchanges, where only indecision and slowness can be observed.
The role of NGOs must be emphasised explicitly.
Accordingly, the Union for a Europe of Nations Group is also opposed to financing the EUR 5.5 billion for the Balkans region through an increase in the ceiling for Europe's external expenditure and a reduction in the ceilings for agriculture.
Is it any wonder then that some people who are psychologically vulnerable at best and criminally conscious at worst lose all orientation and commit reprehensible acts not only because of geographical distance or cultural differences but also because these values are lost in their own countries?
Children are at risk of using the Internet and even encountering pornographic images of their peers, thereby causing psychological harm.
I believe that the Treasury should pay for measures to inform the public about the policies and practices of the Member States in relation to refugees, asylum seekers and other temporarily protected persons.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the thorough work he has done, but in my view the report was too small and the precautionary principle was overemphasized.
Plants and animals are not manufacturing factors that can be so easily distorted.
If we make the use of genetically modified organisms difficult or even prevented in the EU, we are finally moving away from this important area.
Moreover, the conclusions of the Presidency of the Council boldly declare the need to improve employability and, in accordance with this logic, both the information society and education are being shamelessly used as tools to expand parttime employment, remote work and homework.
Secondly, the most populous Member States claim the lion's share.
Dennis Halliday, who resigned as head of the UN humanitarian mission in Iraq over objections to sanctions, confirmed the UNICEF data collection that five to six thousand children die each month as a direct result of sanctions.
We must also address the bombings that take place without a UN mandate.
UNICEF says about half a million children have died as a result of this embargo for nine years, without the slightest knowledge of the civil society.
I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his excellent report on this matter, and I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his report.
It is not often that we discuss urgent matters that could bring about change for the better, because we are actually very hostile to progress and constantly talk about things on which we have no influence.
The Commission's delegates must be sufficiently equipped to do so independently and properly.
We had proposed such a sum in order to use the approved funds more efficiently and profitably and to take into account strategic objectives rather than dealing with the details of individual projects.
Mr Kinnock's reform plan is forward-looking and reality-oriented.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report on this matter.
I would also like to thank the Commission, because it has not been appreciated enough that it has almost always given its technical and even political support to Parliament in this whole debate - Mrs Diamantopoulou, I do not want to introduce you - especially on important amendments.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur, Mr President, for his excellent report, and for his excellent report.
In fact, the text we have here today is so engrossed in the idea of discrimination that it loses sight of the basic principles of the rule of law and even the principle of equal treatment.
It is also unreasonable to attack Kosovo from the air and then pay for its reconstruction, just as it is unreasonable to abolish the borders and thus lose customs revenue, only to establish OLAF to protect the financial interests of the European Union.
The Commission confirms that all projects under the Third and Fourth Framework Programmes must be properly completed in accordance with the Treaty provisions.
Firstly, the guiding principle of security policy is military, not political, public and cooperative, and the section on preventive and civil security policy cannot ignore this.
To say that this is not a matter for the Council is to put it simply as a matter of pressure.
We are distancing ourselves from the ideological agenda, which the motion for a resolution calls ambitious but involves a catastrophic erosion of the democratic systems of the Member States.
In the case of pine trees, the investment is only worthwhile over a period of about 18 years, and therefore I think that logic and economic and financial coherence as well as political coherence require that the Commission be guided by continuity, logic and common sense in relation to these types of production.
There must be a way out, but I doubt it's beautiful.
We must admit, however, that under its institutional guise the Union is still not very creative, while certain European policy-makers are spreading various ideas through the press that European citizens are aware of without being able to participate in any way in the discussions.
We have a historic responsibility to overcome borders - and not to let disputes arise, as in the case of Austria.
The most recent incidents have been the subject of complaints to UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan concerning extraordinary damage to Cypriot airspace and the Nicosia F.I.R. by a total of 78 Turkish fighter jets on 27 and 30 April, 1st, 4th, 5th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 12th, 17th, 18th and 19th May 2000.
We would particularly welcome for the forthcoming budgetary procedure if the Council could show its generosity here and decide with us.
We have all received a great deal of letters, documents and interviews in recent days, almost all from representatives of national railways, all of whom have unanimously warned against the mandatory separation between operation and infrastructure, as required by the proposals of the rapporteur Georg Jarzembowski.
If rail transport is liberalised, we can say goodbye to life on land, and for that reason we oppose this blind liberalisation and its effects!
In fact, this ban has already been challenged, but the procedure has been stopped after the Commission has stated that it is ready to submit validation procedures for the test methods by the end of the year so that we can test these substances and the alternative substitutes.
The British are bringing their cows with animal meal to the highest levels to increase their shares.
I think we have also clarified how knowledge should be transmitted, and we have pointed out that indoor pollution is also a major problem which should be addressed in the European Union's research programmes.
We cannot open a debate now, even if the subject is very hot.
This system must be more flexible, no matter how strict the rules are, so that all sectors and all businesses in the European Union can be admitted under the Community system of environmental management and environmental inspection.
In short, make sure, Madam President, that there is a real dialogue on the basis of the Dalai Lama's five-point peace plan; then it will be a beautiful day for the entire Tibetan people.
But it is also clear that the situation is still hopeless, and I too, like Mrs Winkler, say that unfortunately not only the Austrian Government but also some other governments of the Observatory are not providing sufficient support.
It was easy for them to move the responsibilities of the other ministries to European level, but when it comes to their own, things are different.
In addition, the broad masses of the millions of people infected with HIV must no longer be deprived of the full spectrum of care, from basic care for opportunistic infections to antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection.
That's why it worries me that there's no way to clear up and search.
The real problem is that the nations are increasing their resistance and enforcing their right to thorough information.
The digital revolution will open up many new forms of use of audiovisual works: for example, movies on demand via the Internet.
We all live longer, and sport takes up more space in our lives, not only to keep our bodies healthy but also to keep our minds and souls healthy, and this fact must be taken into account in European legislation.
Our task must be to re-establish sport in a changing society with new modern, technological and medical possibilities and to preserve its values.
They recognise that it is a prerequisite for consumers to shop online, and our main objective must therefore be to foster that trust, which in turn will benefit businesses in the form of a broader customer and consumer community.
We need to build trust, but even if these new systems don't exist yet, there's no reason why online consumers shouldn't enjoy the same rights as they normally do.
(Applause) Dialogue must not be a fig leaf for violence and terrorism, dialogue must not be a capitulation to crime, political dialogue is only possible if the bombs and guns are silenced and democratic values are recognized.
Fourthly, how do you want to ensure that the stronger inclusion of pension funds in risk capital desired in the report does not lead to possible losses of deposits and therefore contradicts the objective of contributors to secure a life-saving end?
The question of the European dimensions of buses sounds simple, but it is not.
It is easy to imagine that country-by-country differences are even greater, especially since it is advantageous for States to cheat in order to keep the basis for the VAT or GNP own resources to be deducted as low as possible.
However, this does not apply to basic rights such as the right of all workers to strike or join a trade union.
Well, let's all say that it's precisely the new ways of expanding to countries that were once dictatorial and authoritarian that enable us to grow beyond ourselves.
The Community actions supporting the Community programme are not only complementary to the legal framework of the Directive, but are also intended to provide additional information, expertise and the basis for completing and improving this legal framework.
Furthermore, I think it is necessary to offer programmes to help reduce and process violence and aggression, which are certainly not so spectacularly marketable and will therefore have lower turnover rates, but which can make a substantial contribution to a certain level of harm reduction and control.
We have a responsibility to our youth to shape a future society in which violence and aggression are not seen as prestigious, strong or imitable, but as profoundly reprehensible.
They can send the text of the law, but they have no influence on it and cannot prevent it, even if so many citizens have voted against it.
It should also not happen in the Council that, for example, what has happened recently - the Agriculture Ministers reject a Commission proposal for austerity, i.e. the Agriculture Ministers vote for higher expenditure and then the Council of Finance Ministers reduces expenditure in the agricultural sector.
The 2001 budget - for the sake of comfort - is a bit of a memory scam, because it looks very much like the 2000 budget, because heading 4 overshadows everything.
The Brok petition, for its part, shows the political dimension of this work, and the oral questions by Mr Brok and Mr Miranda to the Commission describe guidelines of central importance.
President-elect Bush, whose state has carried out 144 executions, has managed to exclude the issue of the death penalty from the campaign, and he has inadvertently and hypocritically postponed executions in his state until after the election.
Most American politicians and officials seem to support this view. Sometimes representatives, elected representatives of the people, but also a certain attitude because they think it's popular.
As the so-called liberal parties, including the European ones, increasingly tend to ally themselves with forces hostile to foreigners, who are nationalistic and ruling, this poses a serious danger not only to Italy but also points to a problem affecting the whole of Europe.
Mr President, I would like to give an explanation of what you meant when you said we were checking because the word is not in my German vocabulary.
We are indeed moving on a tightening rope and should make decisions on the additional insurance we want to impose on all Member States only with consideration and thorough consideration.
Some of these European savings are used to move European companies abroad as part of globalization; in some cases, it is European investments made abroad, and in others it is simply countries or issuers operating in Europe where they can better capture their resources and then transfer them abroad.
I predict that this directive will also be submitted to the Court of Justice and that Parliament and the Commission will expose themselves just as they did the first time if we are not prepared to examine the legal aspects!
My personal experience is that I'm getting more and more enthusiastic when I meet young, open-minded and well-educated Russians, but that Russian structures, whether they're state, economic or even mafia structures, continue to bring me down more and more.
The European regulations are also needed because airlines should no longer be able to purchase them in the future.
We can see the benefit for the manufacturer in the fact that this piece of carrots stays orange and doesn't turn gray.
We want to share our cultural products !
This can only be destructive for individual farms.
But I want to go into this story, because it is very disturbing, and in some respects also funny, and certainly indicative of the current state of Europe at the time of Nice.
I congratulate Mr Varela on his political foresight, which I would like to call almost poetic.
The subsidiarity principle is useful - although I would find it unusual to deprive all drunk drivers of their driver's license - but it must be clear when drivers are considered drunk under our road transport regulations.
They just need to be able - but just like men - to handle household chores just as well as professional requirements.
Because hatred, coercion, and the attempt to put pressure on the opposing partner have unfortunately regained the upper hand.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, Mrs McNally has previously said that her report is not particularly appealing.
I therefore hope that the renewed ban on the use of this hormone meat in Europe will worry American consumers and health authorities, so that further discussion on this subject within the WTO is not necessary.
Paragraph 12 asks, asks, asks to think about how to find a specific VAT scheme for downloading publications.
My responsibility as a cultural politician is, firstly, to enable and secure this foundation for the existence of authors, and secondly - and I would like to know this not in order but as equivalent - not only to guarantee free access to the public, but also to ensure that high-quality content in all its diversity is made available to the public.
If a country deviates markedly from the recommended direction, it can only be criticized.
The debt of Ireland lies in its pursuit of economic stability, and in this context our last budget has been judged too exaggerated.
If the European Commission had deliberately chosen a course to keep the United Kingdom from joining the euro by showing itself as an outdated bureaucracy seeking to pressure elected governments in a completely deviant way, it could not have done it better.
I have prepared a report on behalf of Parliament, which was approved almost unanimously last year and in which Parliament urges the Commission to carry out the reforms as quickly as possible so as not to discourage employees and disappoint the public.
Mr President, I do not want to make a reference to myself, but to the chairman of my group, so that I can say, as deputy chairman of the group, that Mr Poettering's speech was absolutely wonderful for me.
It would be good if the consumer could find out in real time what the cost of his conversation is at the moment, or if he could at least get the right to receive a short message within a short period of time announcing the cost of the conversation.
In Italy, there is already a doctor who is ready to reproduce humans, and 60 volunteers have already applied for it.
However, from now on, the largest amounts from these operations are to be treated as assets which cannot be recorded as government debt, thus enabling the net debt and thus the excessive public deficit to be embellished or concealed.
Such a time-frame is necessary for the approval, financing, execution, confirmation by ECVAM and approval by the Scientific Committee of a research project and its inclusion in Annex 5.
These are the findings of the industry that we should make our own and not bet sporadically on substitutes or demands that we have not yet examined ourselves, where we ourselves do not know where we are going.
I would like to say to my three colleagues who do not wish to grant a discharge that I would have been really nervous if they had said that they wish to grant a discharge.
If it is acceptable for a Member State to cooperate with a UN association and to accept its reporting, the European Union should be able to do essentially the same.
Tobacco manufacturers are pursuing a targeted policy in this regard by presenting cigarette smoking in advertising as force-fighting and cool.
At Powrie Primary School in Dundee, they want to present the use of alcohol as old-fashioned.
Mrs President-in-Office, Commissioner, it is time to say it loud and clear!
However, here again the principle of qualification must be applied primarily and the ethnic principle secondarily.
General Morillon, who is here this afternoon, served with dignity in Srebrenica and elsewhere, even though the UN mandate was very difficult and practically impossible to implement.
In the meantime, the undertaking has become so uncontrollable - by the way, I have heard the word exaggerated earlier - that some Social Democrats openly express the desire for a new nationalism, but this time a European one, while the same people prove themselves incapable of fulfilling their responsibilities in their own country.
According to the IOM, every year half a million women are lured or forced into Europe to spend their lives as sex slaves.
For example, Air France recently announced an operating surplus of 10 billion francs, excluding taxes, which is about 200 000 francs per employee, and despite the sharp rise in fuel prices, the company has just increased its annual dividend to its shareholders by 57%.
This morning, an 18-seat plane was scheduled from Milan's Malpensa airport, so that, for example, Mrs Morgantini, like many of our colleagues, was put on the waiting list and could not register to be here in time for the start of the meeting, even though she had left Rome at 7.30 a.m.
On the one hand, we see the Anglo-Saxon tradition, which is shaped by the principles of non-interference and open market.
In my opinion, we must note that Bush and his administration have proved themselves as simple and populist as this was to be feared.
It is therefore necessary to apply the Rules of Procedure as appropriate.
That belongs in there originally.
But the truth is that the negative examples of the mobility of enterprises and entrepreneurs are still frightening the public in my country.
Thirdly, the reduction of the ecological points of transit through the Alps does not reduce it as a whole, either by transferring it to Switzerland or by cleverly converting it into bilateral traffic to and from Austria, or by eastern European trucks which are also not subject to ecological points by virtue of another authorisation.
The proposal provides for the establishment of an observation and information centre to link the assistance requested and offered together with contact points designated by the Member States.
Mr Commissioner, you cannot wait until the deadline.
Madam President, I know some here think you can't get to Strasbourg from Scotland, but I just want to say in Patricia McKenna's mother tongue, what goes up must come.
Madam President, we are a small delegation of Members of the European Parliament who have just returned from the Sainte Barbe clinic here in Strasbourg, where a former Chechen minister, Mr Ibragimov, is being treated in hospital after a 27-day hunger strike.
I thank you, Mr Vande Lanotte, for your comments, in which you again stressed this aspect - the willingness to negotiate - because I believe that this demand must be addressed to the Council in particular, that flexibility in negotiations is necessary and that the various sessions do not merely repeat what has been agreed by the capitals.
Moreover, the patentability of living organisms must be prohibited, since they represent the heritage of all mankind, and this common heritage can and must not become the sole possession of private interests seeking to exploit life.
It was called Our Friend, the Atom, and it was as wonderfully illustrated as all of Walt Disney's works, which are now, we can safely say, world-famous.
Airlines have gone bankrupt.
I am only pointing out one point: if you do not even give this Convention the right to elect its President from among its members, then why not expose him to the whole European public!
In a vote in the Committee, a majority of the Members voted in favour of an even faster implementation than the Commission had proposed, although some of us expressed concerns about the Commission's indication that this would lead to an increase in CO2 emissions after the withdrawal.
It is understandable that the Members consider our strategy for the whole region to be somewhat confusing, but I do not see any contradiction in saying that on the one hand we must reform EuropeAid and implement the decentralization which has now begun and is to be carried forward as quickly as possible, while on the other hand I say that there may occasionally be situations, particularly crises, which require a different kind of regulation.
Of course, that can be half and half, but it doesn't have to be two-thirds of one sex and only one-third of the other.
What is more important is whether or not we want to discuss the procedure gradually.
That is why I believe, and we also trust you, Commissioner, that you must monitor very carefully how the Member States implement these things we have now put in place.
So there is a problem here, Commissioner, which means that we have to unify our information formats and at the same time recognise that there are different customs within the EU when it comes to policing and information gathering.
Today the European Parliament has rejected this compromise.
I don't want to start an institutional debate about your office right now, but I can't imagine that there could be any other personality besides you who can handle this double burden, as you have to, and master it so perfectly.
If the Council wants to play a part here, we will play a part, and that means for us to remain firm on this issue and support Amendment No 14 by Mr Cappato.
By their inappropriate hysteria towards illegal immigrants and asylum seekers, they demonize foreigners and fuel tensions and mistrust between different ethnic groups.
However, you may see price increases at a café or restaurant or when you want to park your car in a familiar place.
In the meantime, we fly nonstop to Frankfurt or Zurich, and it's three hours away by car.
If we spend money on the Agency - Mrs Stenzel said it would be less, which is true - we must know that the economic situation is still very, very uncomfortable.
Mr President, I can add to what my colleagues van Hulten and Swoboda have said because last week, at the request of a British journalist who wanted to ask me, I had the opportunity to read the Commission's report on disciplinary measures.
You want to give yourself the right to postpone the Sixth Amendment again, and if we quietly give in like the little lambs, then you think you'll have the right to keep doing that.
The objectives of internal security and the balance of our societies are very clear to them and are second only to them.
But there can be no doubt that the responsibility for meeting the climate targets lies primarily with the signatories to the Kyoto Protocol, i.e. also with the Member States of the European Union, that burden sharing is a voluntary agreement within the European Union and that the measures proposed by the Commission and supported by Parliament must not go beyond those targets.
We're against the arms trade, whether it's official, semi-official or illegal.
Parliamentarians should be able to speak occasionally, which means they should be able to talk about essential issues.
The budget, as we have it now, is characterized by the fact that even in the budgetary procedure, during the consultations, we argue very hard with each other over the fact that we have to redesign every million, partly every thousand, but over the course of the year we have to cover a lot of it again and again.
In a time when the concept of the social dimension and, therefore, all the instruments for it - social dialogue - are under great pressure and we are also talking about deepening the social question in Europe, we are letting go of time.
According to a report by El País newspaper on 20 November, most ships crossing the Strait of Gibraltar fill their tanks with fuel from tankers anchored in the waters of Gibraltar, rather than at the port of Algeciras, which has better facilities.
This is a step into the future because we want to have a steering tool, and whoever builds a computer that can be recycled well today - like this one, for example - should also be rewarded, and whoever wants to continue to produce a boring and old-fashioned device in the future must also be asked to pay for the high disposal costs.
Examples of this are the inclusion of the policies of economic and social cohesion, consumer protection or environmental policy in the Treaty, all areas whose aim is to accompany and balance the strategies of openness and liberalisation.
The European Parliament is being ignored in such a way that it would be hardly possible to overdo it in this particular area, and therefore the urgent call on the Commission to make a number of very concrete proposals.
The outcome of the mediation procedure can only be described as shiny on the surface.
For the first time, however, there is hope that people, even if they are sick, can actually improve their lives and quality of life if they have access to medicines.
I hope that soon all citizens will be wearing a hand-C, as I like to call it, as opposed to a PC, which is a kind of wristwatch that combines a PC, a cell phone, and an LCD screen, enabling us to communicate through sound and vision, process data, buy, sell and pay by voice mail, watch sports and listen to our favorite music.
But this government is absolutely incapable of enforcing the constitution and laws in the country.
Almost 8% of 15- to 19-year-olds smoke cannabis daily, and 75% of adolescents consider cannabis to be harmless, although several studies have clearly warned against it because cannabis use poses a risk to the body and especially the psyche and leads to psychological dependencies.
We also envisage exercises in which we can imagine a disaster on a larger scale, possibly even involving biological or chemical weapons.
This agreement is not based on feelings, but is the result of the fundamental economic and social changes of the last 15 years, of 10 years of cooperation and of more than five years of hard and difficult negotiations.
There has been no change in the attitude of the Amsterdam airport authorities towards the Greeks who have not dyed their hair golden and who do not wear contact lenses in order to have blue eyes.
A ban on soft drugs will only result in young people resisting and easily switching to hard drugs.
As real as the Iraq war.
Mr President, the purpose of Mr Corbett's report is to strengthen Parliament's powers of control over the provisions for implementing the acts which have been drawn up by the Commission in a strange framework known as comitology.
The question of late payments is well known in the Union.
This may make it easier to arrive at a clarification in the debate in France and other European countries on reality television.
What do you need, how can we help you?' is welcomed, as such a spurnace that is computer-controlled - but not only - and then really helps, much of what we are constantly talking about here could be achieved.
The Limburg colleagues should know that we have experienced the same thing and now have a thriving automotive industry in the United Kingdom, where we have more international car manufacturers assembling vehicles than in any other country in the European Union.
Mr President, please write to the board and tell Diageo to stop.
However, this reason, of course, seems a little crazy.
We should celebrate the diversity of the European Union and not eliminate it.
The first is the idea of prescribing the MRL at the limit of detection.
If we can incorporate a requirement in the new environmental design legislation that cartridges must be refillable and reusable, then this will be a major step forward in protecting consumer rights and will bring many benefits to the environment.
At the same time, the Commission, Parliament and the Council are aiming to open up a network for crossborder passenger traffic by 2010.
Mrs President, I would like to return briefly to the very strong and yet very charming remarks made by the chairmen of my group, Mrs Frassoni, that Turkish Cypriots must be given the opportunity to participate in the European elections.
We are now witnessing a new wave, the beginning of a new era, in which the old image of Europe has recovered, in which countries that were once denied representative democracy are now given the opportunity to do so.
The top Serbian politicians take the tense situation that has emerged on the light shoulders and harden it.
The only legitimate framework for decisions is the UN. The consequences of war would be devastating and unpredictable.
We want to promote Europe a little less and make sure that people experience Europe a little more.
As a result of exclusive competence, the principle of subsidiarity no longer applies to the CFP, so that regional advisory bodies can never become administrative bodies.
We owe this truth first to them, but also to our children and to future generations, because those who shamelessly deny the Holocaust or, worse, seek to harden it, have not waited until the last survivors are gone to try to tarnish this unique memory.
More than 100 organisations, NGOs, associations and trade unions are launching an international and European mobilisation and survey campaign this year.
Therefore, an up-to-date identification document, both apparently and technically, is essential.
The Agency will be able to lease and use surveillance vessels which it will then make available to observers.
Moreover, the Lisbon strategy cannot succeed unless the objectives of the Union include the establishment and implementation of measures that really help developing countries and lead them on the path to democracy and respect for human rights and the rights of workers and children.
Just to name one more example: to get a permanent Russian visa, even young children need to prove they have HIV.
This includes all the waters where people windsurf, row, and the like, and the result is that - before you see it - theoretically the water of the entire Swedish scallop garden needs to be checked regularly.
As we have seen, software has contributed to the development of economic sectors and has made it possible to automate and simplify many activities at relatively low cost.
We are talking here about something completely different: inventions that are applied by computers or that, as some amendments call them, are computer-based, that is, by devices that use computer programs.
The European Union must therefore address this problem clearly, use all the instruments of the rule of law and act on the basis of our clear respect for the protection of human rights.
If we only stick to trade and do not take into account the other necessary components of society, we will not achieve a result.
Of course, law enforcement authorities must be given the tools to combat terrorism and serious crime, but this does not justify the increasingly arbitrary process of collecting, linking and exchanging data and information without regard for the rights of individuals and without the compelling need to do so until there is a clearer citizenship in the near future.
If the Bulgarian media were to record these bribes at the border, it would certainly be helpful, says an insider.
It is not good for manufacturers to have to jump back and forth between different regulations, and it is also very regrettable that we have not been able to enforce our proposal that this issue should be finally resolved by 2008 at the latest.
You can register at EUDemocrats.org on our website and enter, learn and participate in various events directly and free of charge.
I have made the effort to read their 1988 charter, which seems terribly medieval and hypocritical and incites anti-Semitism in many places and calls for support for jihad and Sharia law.
I just want to remind you of inventions like laser technology or X-rays or MP3 players.
We want to go beyond the framework programme and look at the European Research Area.
In some cases, watching a football game is very expensive, as viewers have to order several channels from different providers for a fee in order to watch certain games.
And finally, what happens to the lists of sports submitted by the Member States to the competent committee of the European Union, which are intended to list the disciplines, which must be broadcast free of charge and not on pay television?
Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that we are engaged in too many shadow fights in this debate and have too little respect for the rule of law and the citizen.
This is reprehensible and unfair.
I am convinced that football can provide the foundation for development and self-realization, which is why I also welcome the report's mention of the need to support clubs that provide the right conditions for young people to practice and learn.
Anyone who openly admits that he is HIV-positive and opposes the discrimination and anger that comes with it is a warrior; a warrior because he is fighting the battles that he wishes the next generation would not have to fight.
In certain circles, it may be fashionable to label Israel as an instigator and oppressor, but such a view is untrue and unsound.
France equipped Sudan, Belgium supplied arms to the autocratic Kabila in the Congo, among other things, so that he could slaughter the other side.
We buy and sell goods and services, chat and meet.
We all know that the real economy is based on the production, distribution and consumption of goods in accordance with people's needs, whether those needs are real, imagined or generated by advertising.
However, under strict conditions, biofuels can contribute to a more sustainable energy supply if we ensure that tropical rainforests are not deforested so that we can refuel our cars.
I agree with my colleagues, in particular Mr Paasilinna, that we cannot be too strict in energy matters and that we must not consider renewable energies as a universal remedy in themselves.
And again, we, my group, are very happy that they are included, but how do you want to convey this to the other members, for example in Latin America, with whom we have free trade agreements?
The Israeli electricity company can reduce the electricity supply of the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza to an absolute minimum and the Mekorot company will divide the water and leave the distribution to Hamas.
Innovation will certainly not be promoted as long as multis with gold-developed balance sheets can put the bulk of research and development funds into their accounts while those who actually depend on such support stand idly by.
Sarkozy speaks fluently about everything and nothing, but not once in thirty minutes was the word heard socially.
How is it that an EU that supports human rights and the abolition of torture cannot really answer for this barbarism or help to find the truth, but only delivers unpaid leave and poor guarantees that it was not involved?
Lenin said that extremism is the children's disease of communism. One could echo Lenin and argue that extremism may be a children's disease of all political, religious, economic and ideological concepts.
European dealers and processors are no longer ordering but are waiting for better offers from China.
Such an examination is particularly appropriate when a financial crisis is brewing, when the call for global warming leads to an uncertain outcome, or when the international community tries to restart a peace process that could resolve the most striking conflict of our time.
In writing. - As an enthusiastic viewer of the great television programme Deadliest Catch, I admire the fishermen and their work very much.
But he is the last one to have the right to adopt Constitution No 2 by parliamentary means, but what is not done to stand out and give the impression that you have all the threads in your hand?
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr President, for his excellent report and for his excellent report on the future of Europe.
I can only get these where we can get enough taxes.
Let me give you a concrete example, which may be a little old-fashioned, but let it be.
Business as usual .
This is unfortunate and cannot be explained solely by the fact that the women in their tribe are more burdened.
We are tackling inequalities in Europe, we are not targeting harmonization.
Today, I don't know if you can still buy a car without a radio, a CD player or anything like that.
This means that the measures we have decided today are neither meaningful nor necessary, and we have created a situation which is unpleasant and which is in principle contrary to the Lisbon strategy.
It is better not to repeat what he said, because it was all right, and the opinion I should have given on the subject could be seen as an attempt to weaken his statements, for which there is no reason.
So Dutch people who live in Belgium or Germany or even further afield in France, in beautiful France, or in Spain, are now eligible for treatment.
I found the fact that Mugabe was allowed to attend and appear at the World Food Summit particularly embarrassing, since he is actually the cause of some of the biggest global food insecurity problems in his country and on his continent.
The problem is this: we must not expose our Irish friends and at the same time we must know under what conditions and with what treaty we will go to the European elections in 2009.
The whole thing is very reminiscent of various genetic temptations in which farmers were ruined in a row because the seeds could only be used once and they could not afford a new one.
It's already dark and almost tasteless when Iranian government officials respond to criticism of this practice that they would wait for the execution to be completed.
We can only encourage them to do so under the terms of the Treaty, which has never had to be revised and whose useful provisions allow Europe to make economic and financial progress on the basis of the two pillars of consolidation and enlargement.
I would therefore like to point out that Slovenia is by no means lazy when it points out that the documents submitted by Croatia are not reliable.
I do not know if we will be happy enough before the elections, but it is at least a contribution we are making to this important issue.
There is often a great deal of room for participation by foreign firms, which then abuse the environment and their own employees and exploit them to the point of destruction.
There is a moment, Mr President, in the famous melody of Smetanas Má Vlast, in which a cello and a fagot are playing ever louder, from gloomy depths to seemingly impossible high notes.
In Europe, they show themselves to be understanding Europeans and great integrators, but at home you talk about how you will overcome them all, and you talk about the Treaty of Lisbon as if it were nothing more than a piece of paper.
If I imagine that as a Member of Parliament with 25 applicants for an assistant position I can already be sued for discrimination or a feeling of discrimination, then I can no longer go to work at all, but can only go around with the necessary evidence that I would then have to provide, just because there is a face-to-face feeling, even though I have not discriminated in any way.
All the speakers who have spoken violently against discrimination have described the principle.
I look forward to the debate on the principles which we will address in time for the third programme on the basis of a Commission communication promised, so that we can then discuss all the questions of principle - whether we should divide the programmes for individual transport modes and so on, all that we have listed in a common compromise resolution.
We decided to extend the surveillance of the seasonal flu, which usually ends on the 20th of the calendar week, to detect infections with this new flu virus.
In this way we could have prevented President Le Pen from being the oldest member of parliament without overturning the Rules of Procedure of this House and adopting a procedure unlike any other parliament in a democratic country.
It's clear that we're done right now.
These cannot be overturned by the individual interests of the major economic powers on the net, because they are defending an outdated copyright system that is incapable of supporting the global network with teeth and claws.
You're probably familiar with the new Google book project, which has been in the news for months now, and with the book project, Google wants to take pictures of books from libraries and put them on the Internet so that readers can quickly and easily access as many books as possible online.
35% of newly founded businesses in the EU were founded by people who were unemployed.
If this directive is all-inclusive and offers full protection, it represents a great opportunity for the travel industry to tap into the European Union's over-60s market, which would be of great benefit to them.
Europe is a continent with many coasts and very large ports, and these ports need to be connected to each other - there is mobility A and O. But we must not only think in the moment, but of course we must also work in a cost-effective, environmentally friendly and environmentally friendly way.
The current rules stipulate that the aid must be used or otherwise returned within two years of receipt of the aid.
This means that a wheelchair user must, as it were, cast a spell on his car or on the people who bring him to the ship, where he has rights again, because nothing is regulated in the port itself.
This has resulted in compensatory costs of 2 billion Canadian dollars.
However, this does not mean that it acts arbitrarily, because there are rules, limits and criteria, a procedure with guarantees and, in any case, judicial review.
Women's working lives and careers are often hampered by the cliché that women are weaker and less resilient and can become pregnant at any time, and as a result are more likely than men to take sick leave or other leave.
The OECD PISA survey is an important contribution to this exchange.
To put it bluntly, in a way, the Chinese are doing us a favor by pushing our noses at the need to get rid of this current addiction.
Although this has been prohibited in the European Union since 2005, there is clearly insufficient clarity about the country of origin as regards the information provided.
(DA) Mr President, during the debate much was said about Mr Hökmar's report on our radio frequency policy programme - something which, admittedly, does not sound very noble.
For example, I strongly reject the view that some agencies do only external work and work very superficially.
It is the only way to achieve greater mobility for young people, which will enable them to learn about new cultures and societies and possibly succeed outside their home countries.
The leg on which budgetary policy rests is strong and multifaceted, while the leg on which development policy, which should provide momentum and lasting momentum, appears dry and weak.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report and for his excellent report on this matter.
It was rightly said that the institutions were closed, thin and inaccessible to the public.
In this respect, it is not only Mr Castille's note that is at issue, but I was also told at the time by various parties that if this is so dangerous, then we should not even talk about it!
Mr President, the return of Saddam Hussein's forces to Iraqi Kurdistan after years of destroying Kurdish villages and oppressing the Kurdish people is appalling, but it is appalling that he has been called back by one of the largest Kurdish parties, the KDP.
I think he looks amazingly decent, and I am happy to note that the socialists are guided by the conservative style of dress.
There is a whole series of such incidents in Turkey, and condemnation is always very restrained.
We support the proposal that children's programmes should not be interrupted by advertising and teleshopping; we also support the proposal that prescription medicines should not be advertised or that pharmaceutical companies should not be allowed to sponsor television programmes on their products.
Or do you think that it is not very elegant to disparage an ideology that has been unleashed by the same historical processes that, according to the utopias of scientific Marxism, should make the whole world equal and collective?
I would rather be proud of a good result achieved by the Netherlands than be ashamed of bad results. Against this background, I would like above all to wish the red government more unity and I wish Minister Van Mierlo, whose European attitude I do not doubt for a minute, much success and much strength.
The Group of the European People's Party is also pleased that the terms rental and leasing are explicitly explained and can therefore be further restricted.
A successful solution in the case of the Davignon Group would also release the proposed corporate charter and significantly stimulate the internal market.
Armenia's economy has been growing for two consecutive years, and Azerbaijan has reversed its decline in 1996 and is expected to grow even faster when production of coastal oil fields in the Caspian Sea begins this year.
As the Commissioner knows, a misused stability pact could be extremely price-pressing, slowing growth and increasing unemployment.
Scientists who are competent not only in the field of veterinary medicine, but above all scientists in human medicine as well as scientists who are well known and respected in cancer research.
Although there are doubts about his guilt, Governor Allen has refused to have a DNA sample run.
The Council, at its first reading on 24 July after our joint consultation, adopted its first solution, and today the Presidency of the Council has endeavoured to sell its supposedly good product well, as does a good public external influence expert.
I think we should consider whether a brave new world is better than a fearful old world.
It is clear that these attacks are largely divisive.
For example, the 21-inch 5-cent coin is now the same size as the 20-cent coin, which is also extremely difficult for people with disabilities.
If you, Madam President, had called a colleague who had injured another colleague below the waistline and indirectly, in a timely and pressing manner, the incident probably would not have happened.
It is quite obvious that the United States pursues a double strategy: it favours its own companies and interests over its legislation and demands that the rules of competition and the free market be respected only by others.
There's instructions on how to make bombs, how to lock doors even though you don't have keys, how to make illegal drugs, other terrorist activities, how to fake credit cards, how to break into computers, etc., a wide range.
We're not flattering the law, we're pushing the boundaries.
We do not torture the murderers of Rwanda and Bosnia - we condemn them!
Basically, if we don't get through, the Americans will roll over.
In the light of recent discussions, in order to give a clearer and more detailed overview of the Commission's previous actions in the field of nuclear safety, we have recently sent the Energy Committee and several other committees of the European Parliament a so-called memorandum of understanding in which we have re-examined the actions undertaken and further plans for the near future.
And all of this is undoubtedly due to the talent, efficiency and intelligence of Foreign Minister Fischer, who has deeply impressed me.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I find it hot and cold because at the end of the 1999 financial year - to put it in Spanish - even the rapporteur will not know her own budget.
These are acquisition-oriented activities, and in this respect I believe that the Commission could at least try to intervene regularly, particularly with regard to working conditions, because, as Mr Cohn-Bendit rightly pointed out, unauthorized means of promotion are used by athletes only because they require competitions.
And so I was shown a page again today, and I'm deeply touched by what I see and feel, and it's clearly this beautiful inspiration that I've found in many of the comments and interactions, and some people post blogs and videos and stuff.
The world of tomorrow will be fully integrated.
In order to start from home, this would have to be done very quietly.
It's time to prepare for it and contribute to it and make it happen.
But I was shocked that America, a country with such a devastated history of civil rights, could repeat its mistakes without shame.
In fact, we know how to verify that statement.
If you know anything about anatomy, you'd better not cut it, just like everything else on the way up, and then - I had my hands still up - he pulled the blade out, aimed it at my neck, and he pushed it all the way to my neck.
Pink and blue, you know.
WISER aims to document, link and reinforce what Paul calls the largest and fastest-growing movement in human history - the collective immune response of humanity to today's threats.
The picture reminded me of a cave painting and reflected how original we are in many ways.
It's very important to me because our children are growing up in the space between us.
Remember, I said that if our TEDxTokyo society represented the world's population, 24 of us would have a serious mental disorder.
These feelings stem from the stigmatization of mental illness, and this stigma is the only and biggest obstacle to improving the lives of millions of people around the world.
I'm just trying to be in shape.
And you can adapt very precisely.
This month in your hands I put you over time the ability to check increase the short time it is in your hands
Today I'm going to tell you how we came from Earth to Mars and why this is so extraordinary.
It's not because they did it and tried and said Igitt, but because you can fake the taste without leaving your chair and say Igitt without doing it.
I've come across other kind of strange relationships between poles that can be interpreted differently, but... these things amuse me.
At least 30 other parts that selectively create meaning create more meaning through Aha experiences.
And third, make them permanent.
It's not because it's obvious.
This does not make the expression unique.
When they're surrounded by each other, they notice that too, and they can get a little excited.
He's Seung Jos Rivale, so we need to investigate him thoroughly and plan something.
Your partner will be chosen fairly...
Because this idea that health is unique inside and personal and medical is largely a mistake.
Healthy subpopulations of birds, generally a greater species diversity.
And then you can write a short message to the fish.
Logic is increasingly being used at the interface between man and machine, especially in logic-capable computer systems where users can see and modify logical sentences.
As a consultant for your young company, I would give you the following advice in less than 10 minutes.
With your Internet address, we can do a Googlebot-like crawling to see exactly if we've been redirected correctly and what content we're downloading.
And for a while, this is what I call the wise-less state, or absolute awareness, it doesn't seem to be attractive because it doesn't have a proper name.
So I can position this quad so that it can capture the rest of the demonstration with the camera mounted from above.
It happens all the time, but we block it so that we can't see, can't consciously live by grace.
I think we're going to start dividing and reusing things and not just opening up new sources.
We've got roofers, we've got people who do it professionally.
Oh yeah, smoking radioactive, really, really hot stuff.
Generations two and three are still in operation, generation 3.5 is what's right now, and the fourth generation has higher safety standards, easier to build and cheaper to build better fuel utilization, including cheaper energy, even safer reactors.
There's a new reality TV program, and it's called the blue -- I'm supposed to write it in blue lettering -- but it's called the blue forehead space.
We're more confident and we're trying harder, which, by the way, requires failure.
I don't know if you want to question the other party, like the region.
It would be absurd if we were again engaged in operations like those in Iraq and Afghanistan and suddenly found ourselves in a situation where we were introducing something other than a democratic system.
It's like parachuting or getting drunk.
So just like a tower jumper on the jumping board, who jumps down to get some momentum, and then does this pirouette, this two-and-a-half-fold salt, and then graciously catches himself again, this robot basically does the same thing.
Everything that was exhausting for the patient before the accident, he forgot.
The best tactic for the SU-122-54 is to flank enemy fighter tanks, suddenly show up behind heavy tanks, and attack medium tanks from the front.
But we found that it's crucial to model the behavior of these little guys so that they don't look so robotic anymore, but look more or less like a human's head.
Michael Biehn is Sergeant Rex Power Colt in the most exciting, action-packed cyber adventure of the year... island and children are available separately.
We could repeat that. We're expanding to this region.
To focus on me.
Doctors are seriously arguing with a twisted miracle healer whose silly theses a tolerance that's almost criminal.
Because on the psychological level, on the brain level, they influence our actions and lead us to situations where we wouldn't otherwise be moving forward.
As soon as the patient is left alone in a hospital bed where hardly anyone cares for him, the so-called refugee conflict, also called the hospital conflict, becomes active, more water is stored, and the swelling increases rapidly.
However, to understand this, the old concepts should be left out, since they are based on an outdated system of reference and are thus lacking.
These accompanying conditions can be anything that the organism can perceive, such as smells, music, a color, certain thoughts that you had at the same time, a person, objects, sounds, temperatures, a single word, etc.
Furthermore, it is claimed that Dr. Hamer would view cancer as part of a natural healing process, which is, of course, completely contrary to the actual statement of the third law of biological nature.
Eva is sloppy and Karin is attractive
You're smiling at your partner under the covers.
Rüdiger Gamm, a self-described hopeless student, dropped out of basic mathematics and began to practice his skills and became famous as a human computer.
In fact, we use these six design principles, and the most important of these is probably the second: we design with, not for -- so when we do humanitarian design, it's no longer about designing for customers; it's about designing with people, and creating solutions that fit from within.
I'm thinking, this is a kid I think I'd develop a TV show for.
Anyway, I have to go now because your girlfriend just decided that she looks pretty good in old clothes, and I have to change that quickly before she stops drinking the Ambien/Prozac cocktail I gave her and then stops continuously shopping to fill the void created by the self-hatred I created.
Esther went through her table-set process this morning, and she wrote only a few things on her side of the table mat. Everything else she wrote on the side of the universe, she loves to pass it on and leave it to the universe.
Your classmates will encourage and support you to master the material, and you will be able to help them in return.
Guys with loose thumbs over here;
That means we can precisely adjust the molecules in the fuel chain and optimize them during the production process.
They characterize the sparse dependence that exists in many readable problems, such as in robotics and computer-aided vision, etc.
- Let's relax and have fun.
Your sons, if they had to work as farmers like you did, do you think they would?
The first two check the situation Chevchenko stays back!
Instead of using violence, Veronica becomes totally creative and clever with the
The OSCE, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, should have known about this, because its observers had reported little on the events in Kosovo.
And breaking into a secret government computer system and copying files?
They're kidnapping people.
Let's imagine running a factory where they have these workers, some of whom just make crap, and the management gets to say, "Hey, they're only allowed to come down here once a year, but they have to let us know, because we might outsmart them and try to do a good job for the little moment".
I'm gonna park the car on the hill over there and keep an eye on this house with the council said this monkey should actually be stuck I can see the house and most of the toddler will be upside down
The boss has difficulty hearing, so the worker has to amplify very close to him.
On March 3, 2015, America was bankrupt.
Well, we're putting a lot on the line.
And here's the basic idea that empathy leads to good deeds for people who will be grateful for it.
In addition to their struggle for survival, the tributes must perform and act to gain sympathy and gifts from their sponsors.
Here, thousands of users are making music available that anyone can download to their computer.
If we want to continue developing organizations today, one of the most important things we should look at is how we can improve the operating system of organizations into something that works through and with stress processing, where every stress perceived by anyone, anywhere in the organization has its place, where it's processed quickly, efficiently and reliably and brings about meaningful change.
If we can enforce these concrete, clear, disciplined structures and systems within a more comprehensive, more natural organizational structure, we're giving our organization the capacity to evolve: new opportunities and opportunities that most organizations don't really have today.
You've been laying off work for a few days.
At a time of unprecedented population growth and increasing food demand, this could prove devastating.
We can shake Dr. Akagi, we have important work to do right now.
But in the middle here, there's a kind of fixed point.
There was one person in this group who was supposed to have a very high performance, but in reality, he cut sadly.
Led by Alan Horsager of USC and what the startup Eos Neuroscience wants to do commercially, funded by the NIH.
They think the game is unfair.
And I'd like to conclude with suggestions that show how you can translate some of these principles into the real world.
See how you walk like a normal person, right, not like a stroller daughters, one of the most difficult when physically ill mother in the hospital honored God to take care of her about her eyebrows, pulled her makeup
And it starts growing into other tissues, infiltrating them, then it's invasive.
But I was completely surprised at how much of it there was and how mature it was.
Then two parts of a movie based on a TV series that was inspired by a toy brand.
It's not enough to just hire people, you have to hire more people to take care of those people and to achieve the goals of the institution and so on.
I want to show you a few approaches to how you can make it so that we can see that the science and technology you're dealing with is current and exciting.
They want it to be current , not effective .
He was very popular and probably would have, if he had wanted to,
I wanted to be compassionate, that is, I wanted to feel what they wanted to say and be a means to their self-revelation.
So this is the new Twitter.com that we're going to be introducing to everyone over the next few weeks.
Make a big change Don't you realize how woven
But the problem with relying on rules and incentives is that they demoralize professional activity and they discourage professional activity in two ways.
This movie isn't strong enough, so I wanted to make it a little harder.
It is advisable not only to share advertisements or sales-oriented content that might overwhelm other users' feeds.
And it controls the step size when updating from the theta J parameter. And the second term here is the derived term.
So this may seem a little strange to you right now, and
And that's why we got the spicy vegetables.
But when the animals get tired and weak, the bones in their tails are broken to get them back on their feet by clicking the tail repeatedly in several places.
It's a place where, on every new voyage of exploration, new creatures are discovered that are so strange and strange that our ancestors would have called them really huge.
I heard you go crazy in the kitchen.
We made her look pretty serious on purpose.
The challenge was figuring out how to break something mysterious -- human attraction -- into mouth-to-mouth pieces for a computer.
For example, there's a doctor in Africa who found that after taking an antiretroviral medication during pregnancy, the baby will not be infected with HIV after birth.
I think business leaders can bring in their entrepreneurial knowledge and help governments approach things a little differently.
I just couldn't believe how poetic all of this is, these souls all sending each other e-mail from their lonely islands.
First, the probabilities are complementary.
If the pen is stationary when I exercise the 5 newtons, it means that there must be another equal and opposite force with positive 5 newtons, right?
If you're as severely mentally ill as these patients, these areas are affected, you have no motivation, no drive.
And that allows me to look at the clock unnoticed, right here, without angling my arm.
(Applause) To all the mothers who are here today, they couldn't have wished for a better Mother's Day gift than to see all these people finish.
But now we're faced with one of those rare moments where we have to decide if we're just going overboard to go back to where we were a year or two ago and get back to a very limited idea of the meaning and purpose of business -- or if this is the moment to take the leap forward, start over, and do some of the things we should have done anyway.
Nelson, ready to go.
I can even now, I can even now skate -- in flip-flops, every trick, standing next to me comfortably kicking loose with my ten fingers, ten bite-sized sacks, no problem, because I can now type ten fingers.
With Hootsuite's volume pre-planning feature, you can post up to 350 posts in a timely fashion, allowing you to plan ahead on your publishing activities in a targeted and economical manner and gain more time to reach your followers.
You're a little groundbreaking in what you're doing.
Why, on average, do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on a bank card or credit card than on cash?
The doctors among you, if any, will recognize the first two, but there won't be anyone in this room who understands all four words.
Exactly the same 12-year-old little boy-boy-girl, only I don't wear a sports bra.
Child carriages with their various conversion options should actually accompany the children for the first three years of life by allowing them to adapt to the growing body in a user-friendly way, but the test quickly turned out - too narrow seats to sit too short and often too long non-adjustable foot supports for many children are either too large or too small and often uncomfortable.
- That sounds threatening.
I see this kind of thing, and I'm scared of blogs - to put it casually - my pants are full because it's not good.
In conclusion, we heard a few days ago about the value of making individual heroism so commonplace that it becomes ridiculous or routine.
And if you can't think of words or things you can't counter, think about what I would say, think about what your therapist or your best friend would say if they heard someone talking to you like your eating disorder does.
When a man meets her, they shoot at you, they look you in the eye, they walk into your private room, and they nod their heads.
What is alive / vital in one is not right in the other.
Maybe before the SWAT team shows up, you should accept the invitation to my terrain limo.
Based on that, why do you say evolution is a mystery?
You can switch heights and have different models and manufacturers displayed.
How far you want to jump - how crazy you want to live - is determined by your value system and your way of life.
An identity was first defined by religion.
And the great thing about it is that we can arrange each individual so that it's aligned with its location, that it's aligned with the angle of incidence of the sun and also how it bends.
The monkeys crawl and then they make more monkeys
When I met Harriet in person at the TED conference the following year, she had already ordered our own happy haplotype T-shirts online.
With Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, they'll beam images to their eyes.
The processor core was able to perform the four basic arithmetic functions -- so addition, multiplication, subtraction, division -- a pretty good piece of metal, but it was also able to do something that a computer, unlike a computer, could do: it could look at its own internal memory and make a decision.
Something as complicated as a cloud, so unstable, so variable, should it be subject to a simple rule?
When I play one of my own titles and I watch people get drunk... it's so fulfilling.
According to Brian, the Scientologist, he made up for lost time -- which I know sounds strange, but it doesn't have to be ominous.
With this trick, your opponent will not be able to pinpoint your weaknesses exactly and shoot into the gaps in your vertical armor.
People who don't want to rule.
Is it omnipotent to demand reading, writing and math?
Build me a computer that can't run every program, but just a program that does a specific job like streaming audio, networking routes, or playing Xbox games, and make sure it can't run programs that I haven't authorized that could undermine our profits.
Select the app you want to install from the app directory and click Install. The programming module will then be automatically added to the dashboard.
After clicking Create Note, you can select the title, the notebook to be attached to, and add more tags or comments to the pop-up window.
Get out of here before it gets emotional.
On the back of the last issue was a picture of a morning country road, the way you could drive trailers when you're so adventurous.
The song is still overwhelming.
We do not want a women's quota - strong women rise up against dictatorship and equality
Do you realize that we can benefit from this and secure the mechanisms of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetics?
An intransitive verb, like dinner, for example, can't draw a direct object.
And what do you book them for when you're researching something specific?
I hope I've been able to convince you that there are a lot of great, interesting things to learn about how nature makes fabrics -- and how to take it to the next level to see if you can force the way natural fabrics are made, or use them to make things that nature hasn't even dreamed of making.
No, it's a little too offensive for me.
And an example of this would be: I tour as an artist incredibly much, I'm constantly on this planet.
And part of that is getting into an oil pipeline from Canada, using the oil and coal we have here, offshore drilling in Alaska, offshore drilling in Virginia where people want it.
But they knew that the length of that journey alone would weigh on their food and water supplies.
However, the human eye is exceptionally adaptable to all these different lighting conditions, which together create an environment that never seems boring or sad and thus helps us to have a better quality of life.
From the mighty eBay, the grandfather of the stock market, to ride-hailing companies like GoGet, where you pay a monthly fee to rent cars hourly, to social lending platforms like Zopa, which takes everyone in this audience who has $100 to lend and connects them to a borrower anywhere in the world, we share and work together again in ways that I think are more fashionable than hippie.
People don't stop moving because they're insecure.
Push-ups, lifting weights, crutches and stuff.
And people can order RSS feeds -- they can get e-mail notifications of changes.
The need for an association, even if only temporary, must be clear to all involved and must be accompanied by an understanding of the urgency that drives people to try to reach others in their environment and to spread the idea.
I could be cursed by it
In a stationary power plant, it's much easier to take something that weighs a lot more and is very extensive, and you can take the waste heat to run a steam turbine and get a secondary energy source.
Gay men are often portrayed as exaggerated and fashion obsessed.
In most cases, those who reveal themselves help to destroy the myth that something is wrong with atheists.
Homosexuality begins, on the one hand, because their conclusions within the Church have a much longer history than modern interpretations, and on the other, because I believe that many people who profess this position feel that those who speak for a new interpretation have not yet taken theological evidence that is as well established in Scripture as the traditional ones;
The cases I documented range from family feuds in Brazil to victims of genocide in Bosnia and the first woman to hijack a plane to the living dead in India.
The first part, the first problem, is relatively simple -- it's not easy at all -- but neuroscience has been getting closer to that.
Forty-eight governors competed, which convinced 48 state legislatures to prepare students for college from home.
That was stupid and it hurt because they were my best friends and they knew my parents and I knew theirs, and it was just weird.
Leadership must be competent, determined and directional in its commitment to peace.
However, individuals of our species are forced to work even though they can be self-employed, or in which obedience is demanded in exchange for food, which leads to psychotic behavior in humans or maintains or even provokes such situations.
That meant we'd share half the responsibility.
Self-cooked food couldn't keep up, because the high fat content, the strong spices in products like McNuggets or Hot Pockets -- we all have our personal favorites -- made homemade food only taste uniform.
And that's the kind of influence that can ultimately resolve the situation.
In contrast, those cultures -- literally the rest of the world -- that were in a much weaker position than the West, were therefore forced to understand the West because of the presence of the West in those societies.
We've also tried to bring computers everywhere in the world so that groups can communicate much more efficiently and launch much more effective campaigns, but now we have the wonderful possibilities that mobile phones with built-in cameras offer us because they're cheap and ubiquitous and spreading rapidly around the world, which is very exciting for us.
Have you also noticed that more women than men are vegetarian or vegan?
Here live asses who kill you for a shower
The jets are shining in the vertical.
Because this is something that I felt very confused about when I first began to study European history.
Failure steps allow Fiora to suck on a chosen opponent and cause damage on arrival.
I'm very concerned about how all our cultures are blackmailing each other by letting those who want to divide and divide speak.
Are you careful and as smart as 007?
I hear a sound in: dear love, chus - [Nurse calls inside.]
We respect and celebrate each other as man and woman, as a community and as part of this planet, and we must continue to do so.
And now they've even started using these devices -- if we're talking about cool technology -- three little devices, little GIS trackers like this one, that they put in their vaccine carriers.
By the way, I'm just realizing that the fear of unleashing me drives me just like any other ambition.
They're manipulating a substance to bring the professor to consciousness:
And these trendy young things from the Sorbonne said,
So you could make it better, like use the much better Mac, but somehow it's the same old crap we've had for 30 years.
They undermine each other in a wonderful way.
Because we knew that if the whole open source and especially the Linux story were to be credible, we would have to contract with independent software companies to customize applications to these platforms, and I was even worried.
You've got a lot of people, and they're pretty rough and they felt attacked by it. You know, they work pretty hard and they don't really get the fair share they'd actually deserve.
I learned that when you went to Fell School and all the rich little gold boys wanted to support a kid, that was me, but they kicked me out when I taught the gold boy how to steal the stains from a Lee jeans, and they brought her to VIM.
The future doesn't have to be one of those people who peddles women - it has to be shaped by the girls who go to school, and who stand for a world where our daughters can only live their dreams like our sons.
We didn't get to the North Pole, and we didn't have the money to pay anyone for public relations, so no one had heard of this expedition.
The main difference between a resource-based economy and a money system is that a resource-based economy deals with people and their well-being, while the money system has been distorted to the point that people's concerns are secondary if they play a role at all.
I read that the CPU is constantly moving data back and forth between memory, direct access memory, and the ALU, the arithmetic-logic unit.
However, the lines between healing and wisdom are often blurred given that gaining knowledge through ayahuasca revelations is customarily associated with some sort of spiritual health.
No one has ever proven -- and this will shock you -- that chemotherapy, in most cases, actually touches a cancer cell.
The use of embedded devices, embedded technology in the broadest sense of the word, in our environment, not just in our home, but moving to cities, streets, buildings, etc., is a means of transmitting and communicating data to the network and then creating a kind of mesh-like network.
It was considered an abrogated religion, an exclusive religion reserved for the white population.
It was not, however, that distressed poor old Corky, because he was not pious and had no objections to the man to live on.
There's an infinite number of colors, but since we only have three types of cones, you can mow and let the brain see all the colors by combining just three colors correctly: red, green, and blue.
For example, Sally says, "I need someone to hang out with", and Jake says, "Haha".
And all the kids are heating one
Legendary -- like Ted Williams great -- the last Major League Baseball player to hit over 400 home runs in a regular season.
I've been working with companies like Microsoft, SAP, or Google, analyzing their bugs, looking for what went wrong, and I've noticed that there's almost no tutorial on debugging and how to free programs from bugs.
Let's look at the current, final example of homosexuality, which is obvious to the political debate.
So the image is true and smaller than the actual object, if the object is further out than the curvature.
And when the copies of their questionnaire came back, exactly one thing came up with statistical clarity that most scientists can only dream of.
By simply looking at something someone has done, examining it and saying,
This may be one of the reasons why some people quickly classify Mattie as a feminist character, as well as other female pop culture figures who are described as strong and tough.
I think I just want to recall and say, this is something very common.
We need to look at how we can sustainably feed, cure, educate, transport and communicate with seven billion people.
Why do social networks thrive in spite of censorship?
With the energy of everyone present, I decided to keep pushing myself and came in at 17 minutes and 4 seconds.
What are the problems we are trying to solve?
If we could make the light darker...
So we're doing randomly, we're doing long term...
They advertise an intellectual property card and then process it for their profit.
Looking back, everything looks cruel and dark and scary, as if this could be the beginning of something evil.
Psychopaths are bad for two main reasons:
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the Department of Clinical and Scientific Affairs of the Canadian Diabetes Association, pointed out that research is still in its infancy.
Like some other experts, he expressed doubts about the possibility of curing diabetes, pointing out that the findings were irrelevant to people already suffering from type 1 diabetes.
Ring's CEO Jamie Siminoff once said he founded the company after he couldn't hear his doorbell ringing from his garage workshop.
Siminoff said sales had risen sharply after his appearance in a 2013 episode of Shark Tank, even though the show's award court had declined to fund his start-up.
While an experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola mortality rates, there are no medicines that have been proven to be clearly suitable for treating existing infections.
An antibody mixture, ZMapp, initially turned out to be promising, but formal studies showed that when it came to preventing deaths, it brought less benefits than expected.
USA Gymnastics is supporting an independent investigation that could reveal how abuse to the extent so bravely described by Larry Nassar's survivors could remain undetected for as long as necessary and appropriate changes are welcomed.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal - to make running and other sports as safe as possible for competitors so that they can follow their dreams in a safe, positive and self-determined environment.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as a consultant for John F. Kennedy and later for the government around Lyndon B. Johnson.
As a national security adviser, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of world affairs such as the Camp David Accords of 1978, the normalization of U.S.-China relations in the late 1970s, the Iranian Revolution that led to the 1979 Iran hostage crisis, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best independent song. Lionsgate Studio received 26 nominations  more than any other film studio.
Turkey would carry out surveillance of captured ISIS fighters, whose return, the announcement said, was rejected by European countries.
This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, an assumption that is already widespread, but also provides details that fossils generally cannot provide, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
The find also provides insights into the evolution of feathers in birds.
According to the governor's office, 19 of those injured are police officers.
Police said they suspected a militant supporter of Daesh (ISIL) behind the attack.
They found that the sun works on the same laws as other stars: It was found that the activity of all the stars in the system is driven by their luminosity, their properties, and nothing else.
In order to determine the Rossby number of a star associated with the plasma stream, the luminosity and proper torque are taken together.
"When asked for a remark, Miller said, ""Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I prepared myself and therefore could not properly hear what he said"."
We will endeavour to significantly reduce CO2 emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 from 2005 levels, Hu said.
He did not give a number for the cuts but said they were based on China's economic performance.
He added, however, that they should not be asked to undertake commitments that go beyond their level of development, their responsibilities and their capabilities.
The study group on Iraq presented its report today at 12:00 GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action in Iraq at this time will stop sectarian warfare, rising violence or a slide into chaos.
The report opens with a call for an open exchange and for consensus in the United States on a Middle East approach.
The report is extremely critical of almost every view of the executive's current policy on Iraq and calls for an immediate change of direction.
The first of the 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic approach should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile interference and restore diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
"Triggering the controversy was a dispute over emergency relief and reconstruction spending after Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscal conservatives have humorously called the Bush's New Orleans deal".
The Liberals' objection to the reconstruction process has been directed at the fact that orders for reconstruction have been awarded to alleged initiates in Washington.
Several large television screens were set up in various places in Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and the rest of the world, especially in Poland, similar facilities were erected, which were seen by many people.
Historians have criticized the FBI's policy of combining its efforts to increase the agency's success rate with cases that are easy to solve, particularly car theft cases.
However, after losing the captain's goal, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 runs, ending the innings.
"Following a 25-minute meeting with NDP Chairman Jack Layton at the PMO on Tuesday, Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's Clean Air Act to an all-party committee for consideration before the second hearing".
Layton had called for changes to the Conservative Environment Act during the meeting with the Prime Minister, calling for a thorough and complete revision of the Conservative Party Environment Act.
According to the current report, sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami was triggered, with clear tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge an important step towards achieving verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula".
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says Jerry does not pose a threat to the landing at this time.
The outrage in the Community led to current efforts to draft a directive on sexual content for the website that hosts millions of openly licensed media.
Just as the moon attracts the earth and causes the tides, the Milky Way exerts its gravitational pull on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as normal matter.
This theory says that most of the dark matter is in a kind of courtyard around a galaxy and is made up of many small particles.
The authorities speculate that this suggests that containers of uranium fuel may have ruptured at the site and may have leaked.
Extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal area of South Africa.
"In an interview, he said that the new decline was 'extremely worrying and alarming given the very high mortality rate.'"
Some patients may have contracted the disease at the hospital, says Dr. Moll, and at least two were hospital employees.
Within a year, a sick person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
Nevertheless, the proportion of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis is apparently still low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people infected in South Africa at any given time.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
They are still trying to figure out the extent of the collision and how it will affect the earth.
The results of the plotting analysis shall be published on a public website.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the floor by the side of the road in sweatpants and underwear, apparently heavily drugged.
The government has also pledged several million bottles of anti-inflammatory vaccine that will help arm health departments for next year.
The class and accuracy of his work are so highly regarded that his name is one of the very few widely known names in the field of philately.
He has also been involved in the embroidery of banknotes for many countries, including the portraits of the Prime Minister on the front of the Canadian $5 and $100 notes.
The vehicle itself was removed from the crash site at approximately 12:00 GMT on the same day.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali are the rescue of the world's remaining forests and the sharing of technologies to help developing countries grow in a less environmentally harmful way.
The United Nations also hopes to set up a fund to help countries affected by global warming cope with the effects.
The funds could be used for high water-safe housing, better water management and crop reproduction.
Fluke wrote that the efforts of some to overwhelm women who wanted to talk about women's health were not successful.
She came to this conclusion on the basis of the numerous favourable comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who insisted that contraceptives should be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting ended after the wounded were transferred to the hospital, about 40 of the remaining inmates remained in the courtyard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to defuse the matter, but the demands of the prisoners are unclear.
These deposits were needed to form sandbanks and beaches that served as habitats for wildlife.
The authorities hope that the rise in water levels after the flood will be enough to restore washed-out sandbanks downstream, even though they are only a few feet.
Although Winfrey shed tears at her farewell, she assured her followers that she would return.
This will not be goodbye. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new one.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have indicated that the incumbent President Hifikepunye Pohamba has been re-elected by a wide margin.
Allied and Afghan troops entered the area to secure the site, and other Allied aircraft were dispatched to assist.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and it is believed to have been the result of enemy fire.
Efforts to locate the crash site are hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
"Richard Veerman, spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said: 'Angola is heading for the worst outbreak of all time, and the situation in Angola is still very bad.'"
The games started at 10 a.m. with great weather, and apart from a little sneezing rain in the morning, which quickly slowed down, it was an exemplary day for rugby sevens.
South Africa, which finished first in the competition, started with a comfortable 26: 00 victory over fifth-placed Zambia.
Although the team was definitely upset in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa improved steadily over the course of the competition.
Their orderly defense, ball control and excellent cooperation distinguished them and made it clear that this was the team you had to defeat.
"Their thermal behaviour is not as uniform as the large caves on Earth, which often have fairly steady temperatures, but it is consistent with the fact that they are deep holes in the ground", said Glen Cushing of the Astrogeology Group of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona".
In France, voting is usually a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a cabin and put a pre-printed sheet of paper on which the candidate of their choice is registered in an envelope.
After the officials confirm the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the list of voters.
The French electoral law sets the procedure quite strictly.
Since 1988, ballot papers must be transparent so that voters and observers can testify that no envelopes are present at the beginning of the election and that no envelopes are thrown except those of duly counted and eligible voters.
Candidates may send representatives who will be present as witnesses to each part of the proceedings, and in the evening the votes of volunteers will be counted under strict supervision and according to special procedures.
The broadcaster's website describes the show as an old-school radio theater with a new and creepy slanted reading style!
In its early days, the show was only shown on the old-fashioned Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a website that focuses on talk radio.
The show originally featured local amateur synchronized speakers from East Texas.
According to reports, extensive looting continued through the night, while police officers showed no presence on the streets of Bishkek.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in the three-country competition at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a 21-20 victory, ending the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
It was the last game for the All Blacks, who had won the award two weeks earlier.
The final of the competition will take place next week at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, where the Springboks meet in Australia.
No immediate reports of damage were received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicentre of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
It was confirmed that the human-fatal bird flu H5N1 infected a wild tick found dead on Monday in a swampy area near Lyon in eastern France.
That's why the performers on stage smoke hemp bars, and the theater itself encourages the audience to participate.
After presenting the results, Gingrich praised Santorum, but found harsh words for Romney, in whose name a negative campaign campaign against Gingrich had been broadcast in Iowa.
"Perry stated that he would return to Texas to evaluate the outcome of tonight's primary and decide if there was a way forward for me in this race", but later said he would stay in the race and run in the primary in South Carolina on January 21".
In a statement, Bieber said: "Although I was neither present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
The hospital followed rules of conduct to protect against infection, including separating the patient from others to avoid third-party infection.
Before the Simpsons, Simon had worked on several shows in various capacities.
In the 1980s, he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracey Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped Brooks and Groening create The Simpsons and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team.
Earlier, the Chinese intelligence agency Xinhua reported the planned hijacking of a plane.
In a helicopter crash earlier this week, three people were killed and three others injured.
Murray lost the first set in the breakout after both men had held every single stroke in the set.
Then Lakkha Singh took the lead singing the Bhajans.
Baba Shyam was toasted 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism 56 different edible things such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes, etc., which are offered to the deity).
His teammate led the race most of the time, but ended it immediately after his boxing break, probably because of a tightly clenched right front.
However, it is not assumed that they have damaged the space shuttle in any way.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., head of NASA's spacecraft program, said the foam dropped after the time we were worried about.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 of the Shika nuclear power plant had been shut down.
It is reported that about 9,400 homes in the area lack water and about 100 do not have electricity.
According to some reports, the officially confirmed death toll is eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples of pets that died after eating contaminated pet food.
The two compounds interact to form crystals that, according to researchers at the university, can interfere with kidney function.
The composition of these crystals is similar to that found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill banning the sale or lease of violent video games to minors.
The bill provides for video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a sticker number 18 and for sale to minors to be fined $1,000.
Attorney General Kier Starmer QC issued a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Chicken and Pryce.
Chicken has resigned and is being replaced in the Cabinet by the incumbent, Ed Davey, who is expected to take over the job of the Secretary of Commerce, which Davey is leaving.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed a facelift surgery.
In addition to Wednesday's event, Carpanedo took part in the championship in two individual races.
Her first was the slalom, in which she received a Did not finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 participants scored the same result in this race.
However, the driver suffered serious head injuries.
The road on which the accident occurred was temporarily closed while the emergency services released the driver from the red Audi TT.
She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but eyewitness testimony could be tampered with because her picture was widely published.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and the courts have found the publication of photographs potentially harmful.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes: Media creators seem to cross a dangerous line when they post photos etc. of suspects.
The Crown Office, which is a leading prosecutor, has indicated to media that no further comments will be made at least until the indictment.
Other matters allegedly covered include the future of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Protectors of the accompanying pest control attempt should be closely monitored by rangers, as the attempt has been monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
Martelly yesterday sworn in a new nine-member provisional election commission (CEP).
The committee was Martelly's response to widespread system-critical protests that began in October.
"Last week, METI announced that it had been notified by Apple of 34 more cases of overheating, which the company described as 'non-serious.'"
The Ministry responded by saying that Apple's postponement of the report was "really regrettable".
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had also stated that there were no signs of a tsunami.
A former Filipino policeman has taken Hong Kong travelers hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza shot the passengers with his M16 rifle.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and pursued a medical career.
"Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first Queen of the Extreme, my first caretaker, Luna died on the night of the two moons, very unique, just like her, a strong woman.'"
Dustin Goldust Runnels made the following remark: Luna was just as crazy as I was... maybe even more crazy... I love her and will miss her... hopefully she's in a better place.
Thirty-four percent of those surveyed share this position and want Elizabeth II to be the last Australian monarch.
He was unable to take the necessary medicines to relieve his pain because they are banned at the Commonwealth Games.
On January 25, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Since comets collided with the earth long ago, scientists are promising insights into how planets, especially the earth, will emerge.
It's rumored that he could run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would allow planes to fly shorter distances, saving millions of gallons of fuel each year and reducing carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology instead of the older technology based on ground radar to enable flight controllers to more accurately locate aircraft and provide pilots with more precise information.
Concerned about the lack of transportation opportunities, the likelihood grew that the game would have to be played behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
A study published Thursday in the journal Science reported the emergence of a new bird species on the Ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
The pH value indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the tested chemicals.
In ancient Egypt, Persia, and China, toilets were also used. In Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses visited by men and women in mixed society.
The satellite in space receives the call and then almost immediately reflects it back down.
The bicycle has changed the world in incredible ways, and the greatest service the bicycle has done to us is much easier and faster transportation.
It brought us the railroad, the car, and many other means of transportation.
Lions are the most sociable cats, living in large groups called herds.
Lion ravens behave similarly to wolf or dog ravens, animals that are surprisingly similar in behavior to lions (but not other large cats) and equally lethal to their prey.
As a versatile force pack, the tiger can climb (though not particularly well), swim, jump long distances, and pull with five times the strength of a strong man.
Ozelots eat small animals. If they can, they prey on monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds. Almost all the animals the ozelot hunts are much smaller than himself.
Scientists believe that the Ozelotes track and detect animals for food with their sense of smell. They sniff after where they have been on the ground.
When a small group of organisms (a small people) is separated from the main population from which they originate (e.g. when they move across a mountain range or river or when they move to a new island so that they cannot easily return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than before.
This new environment has different stocks and other competitors, so the new population needs different characteristics or adjustments to be a strong competitor than what it used to be.
The original population hasn't changed at all. It still needs the same adjustments as before.
After thousands or even millions of years, two peoples look so different that they can no longer be attributed to the same species.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called Zikkurats, were built as part of the sanctuaries.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, houses did not become so important.
Greenland was sparsely populated. According to old Norse legends, Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder. As he travelled further west, he found Greenland and named it Greenland.
Although all countries were Scandinavian, there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
Although there is something written on the back of the scroll, it is not a treasure card.
It is therefore possible that the marking was simply added as a marking.
"It was ruled by the 'Vichy' French, who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the conquerors instead of fighting them".
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France; the invasion was called Operation Dragoon.
A civilization is an independent culture shared by a substantially large group of people who live and work together, a society.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions and Italians participate in international competitions and the Olympic Games.
The origins of Taiwan date back to the 15th century, when European sailors passed by and wrote the island's name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a branch in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a change in indigenous grain cultivation methods and employing Chinese workers in their rice and sugar growing areas.
In 1683, Qing Dynasty forces (1644-1912) took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal regions and declared Taiwan an administrative territory of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the leadership of the Qing Dynasty signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, relinquishing sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give visitors a better impression of what they originally looked like.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and the renovation work continues to this day.
Many common formats (for example, the APS family of formats) have exactly the same or very similar side ratios.
The much despised and often mocked rule of thirds is a simple directive that creates vitality while maintaining a degree of order in an image.
It states that the point of intersection of the lines that line a picture vertically and vertically is the most effective place for the main motif (see example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, was undergoing a test.
His omnipotence ruled everyone, from the king to the common citizen.
For more than a thousand years, the central authority of the Church has been in Rome, and this condensation of power and money has caused many to doubt that this principle was being met.
Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain launched a naval blockade against Germany.
The measure proved effective in cutting off vital military and civilian supplies to the country, even though it violated generally recognized international law as enshrined in several international agreements of the past two centuries.
Since the response to this action was limited, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
In the 1920s, hostility to war and isolation were the dominant attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After experiencing the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, countries wanted to avoid another such event in the future.
Ancient China had a unique way of indicating different eras. Every era in China and every family that was in power was its own dynasty.
The most famous of these periods was the Three Kingdoms period, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
There are a lot of social and political effects like the use of the metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism and nationalism, and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a ruler alone.
The French Revolution also caused many oppressed working class people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
In fact, it's not easy to find, even if you know it's there.
Highlighting usually produces a softer sound, while coloring is more powerful and expressive.
The mob forced the king and queen to open the windows of their chariot wide.
Of course, the surpluses that resulted from the continued exploitation of the Filipino people were the basic gains of US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the circumstances that led to the founding of the Order.
The period in which the events took place is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, an era in European history spanning the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (10001300 CE).
However, a national road network is not economically viable for only a small number of cars, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The widespread car ownership also leads to a higher number of road accidents, which in turn leads to the invention of new health care procedures to restore damaged bodies.
In the context of romance, it is geography that shaped individuals, and over time, customs and cultures emerged in relation to that geography, and these, as they were in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrarily occulted laws.
Its fame as the epicenter of luxury began about 400 C.E. and lasted until about 1100 C.E.
Its position declined during the twelfth century, largely due to the return of the Crusaders with gifts such as silk and spices, which were considered more valuable than the offer of the Byzantine markets.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries.
In the beginning, clothing was strongly influenced by Byzantine culture in the east.
Subcultures bring together like-minded people who feel neglected by social principles and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
The characteristics that define a subculture as such may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical, or a combination of these factors.
Members of a subculture often identify with a distinctive and symbolic style, which includes clothing, habits, and expressions.
One of the most common approaches to illustrate the importance of socialization is to rely on the few unfortunate cases of children who have not been socialized by adults due to neglect, misfortune or intentional abuse during their childhood.
"Such children are called 'wild' or wild. Some wild children have been held captive by humans (usually their own parents); in some cases, the neglect of the child was due to the parents' inability to accept the child's significant mental or physical limitations".
When raised entirely by animals, the wild child exhibits behaviors (within his physical capabilities) that are almost entirely consistent with those of his or her caregiver, such as his or her fear or indifference to humans.
Scaffolding is not a learning tool, but rather an aid that supports individuals in a new learning environment, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Children are placed in foster care for a variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse to blackmail.
No child should be forced to grow up in an environment that is not caring, loving, and educational, but many are forced to do so.
The Internet combines elements of both mass understanding and interpersonal understanding.
The specific characteristics of the Internet have led to additional developments in the approach to benefits and rewards.
For example, learning and socialization are promoted as important incentives for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
Personal engagement and sustainable relationships were also identified as new drivers by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they examined user responses on websites.
The use of video recordings led to important discoveries for interpreting microexpressions, few millisecond facial movements.
In his paper The President's Speech, Oliver Sacks showed how people who can no longer understand language because of a brain injury can still properly assess the honesty of people.
He even claims that the ability to interpret human behavior may be shared with animals such as domestic dogs.
It also has serious consequences if left untreated: slowing growth, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
In contrast, animal food sources (mumps, termites, eggs) are not only easily digestible but also supply large amounts of protein containing all the essential amino acids.
This can be easily achieved by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without completely waking you up.
Another biorhythmic option is to drink plenty of fluid before bedtime (especially water or tea, which is known for its urine-repellent effects) so that you have to get up to pee.
The degree of inner peace that a person has is inversely related to the degree of tension in body and mind.
Basically, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-encompassing love.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the United States. After the war ended, the collision of systems, history and culture led to the countries becoming enemies.
On 17 September 1939 the Polish defences had already completely collapsed and the only hope was a retreat and a re-positioning along the Romanian bridgehead.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is by far the most effective method of transporting large quantities of people and goods across the world's oceans.
Two-legged species are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have been on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
Following its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by Congress President John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was sent a few blocks away to John Dunlap's printing plant.
The 25 pages of Dunlap still in existence are the oldest surviving copies of the manuscript.
Almost all computers used today are based on processing information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for this particular poison.
The term Wanze is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology, were recognized.
Many observed regularities in physiology and behaviour are often largely based on the presence of bodily processes and their production by biological clocks.
Circular-determined behaviours, which are not only responses to signs of external circles, are known to most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that run freewheeling circuits for a period of time, even in the absence of external stimuli.
The Hershey Chase experiment was one of the key pieces of evidence that DNA is genetic material.
Mutations can have a wide variety of effects, depending on the type of mutation involved, the significance of the piece of genetic material involved and whether the cells involved are germ cells.
Examples of local activities include hunting, fishing, photography, birdwatching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
Why are transport systems causing such failures, why are they failing every day? Are transport engineers simply incapable? Or is something more fundamental going on here?
These relationships assist in the planning, design and operation of infrastructure on the highway.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus claimed that the sun was at the center of the solar system's movements.
That seems reasonable, since it doesn't seem like the earth is moving, does it?
Twenty percent of the water flowing through the planet's rivers into the world's oceans comes from the Amazon.
Although the construction of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in size and technical perfection.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom marveled at the monuments of their ancestors, which were well over a thousand years old at the time.
Vatican City has about 800 inhabitants. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the country with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communication.
Aristotle, a philosopher, suggested that all things consist of a mixture of one or more of the four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
Unfortunately, with the advent of newer writing materials, the pencil has fallen into the background and has been pushed back in its position and use.
Nowadays, people write messages on computer screens without ever having to get close to a pickup.
Content thinking is about finding what moves or appeals to people.
These views suggest that humans have certain needs and/or desires that become internalized as they grow up.
Generally speaking, there are two behaviors that can occur when managers start to manage their former co-workers: one end of the spectrum is trying to stay one of the boys (or one of the girls).
This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, implementing disciplinary measures, performing performance assessments, assigning responsibilities and hiring employees.
They often have more independence than traditional group members, as their working group may meet in different time zones which may not be taken into account by local management.
Why would a company undertake the time-consuming process of introducing a learning organisation?
The interaction between brain pathology and behavior is supported by scientists in their research.
Examples include control, the development of strategies and schedules, the ability to respond to customer diagnoses and questions, and handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become autonomous fields of expertise focused on finding solutions to real life problems.
The AI system is now widely used in industry, medicine, engineering and the military, and has been incorporated into numerous software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school classroom, and often a teacher would like to take her students to places where bus travel is not possible.
For example, students at the Bennett School in North Carolina each year design a website about their trip to the state capital.
Since students are often a very strict reader, the blogger struggles to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
Blogging is a tool that encourages collaboration and encourages students to continue learning far beyond the everyday school day.
Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and is characterized by a series of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Women: It is recommended that all female travelers claim to be married, regardless of their actual family status.
If you reject men, be persistent, and do not hesitate to defend your position (cultural differences go back and forth; that doesn't mean it's okay!)
Casablanca is one of the most unique places to shop in all of Morocco.
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in Danger due to the threat of desert sand.
For the best views of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the opposite shore of Kowloon.
If you're looking for traces of the colonial past of the area, this is a good place to start.
Since the buses between the districts are often crowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are driven by small Japanese minibuses that are comfortable and resistant.
Collector taxis provide a quick and convenient way to get to nearby places such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a suspension bridge that spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The Guarani were the most important indigenous group inhabiting what is now eastern Paraguay. They lived as semi-nomadic hunters who also farmed for subsistence.
The Chaco region was also home to other groups of indigenous tribes, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.x
The Spanish began a three-century period of settlement.
Argentina is known for its polo team and its players being among the best in the world.
The biggest competition of the year takes place in December at Las Cañitas Polo Grounds.
Information on competitions and sales points for polo tickets can be found at the Asociación Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), the value of which is determined in accordance with the value of the British Pound (GDP).
Since Montevideo lies south of the equator, it's summer there, while it's winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
According to the Parking Authority, visitors should keep at least 100 yards from bears and wolves and 25 yards from all other wildlife!
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they don't keep enough distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so leave them plenty of room.
Also, be aware that smells can attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking highly fragrant foods, and be careful to keep your stock clean.
Apia was founded in the 50s of the 18th century and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
All but one British cruiser was sunk, killing nearly 200 Americans and Germans.
Since Auckland covers two ports, there are many beaches. The most popular beaches are in three areas.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at the port of Waitemata, in the upscale suburbs of Mission Bay and St. Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are family beaches that are sometimes crowded with a nice shopping promenade along the coast.
The most important local beer is Number One. It's not a multilayered beer, but it's pleasant and refreshing.
Sharks do occur, but they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are afraid of humans and would swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles do not live actively in the sea, their primary habitat being in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
A booking in advance assures the traveller that he will have a place to stay when he arrives at the destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may also be able to book other types of accommodation, such as tents, through a travel agency.x
Travel agencies usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation to and from the airport or even a combination of flight and hotel.
At some festivals, the vast majority of festivalgoers choose to camp locally, and most visitors consider this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to what's going on, you have to go early to get a tent near the music.
Remember that in some parts of the festival, music is still played late into the night, even if the music on the main stage has already stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern Baltic Sea in winter, check the location of the cabin, as breaking ice causes quite terrible noise for those most affected.
Cruises to St. Petersburg also provide time to stay in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from the visa requirement (see conditions).
They usually have a special offer of food, drink, and entertainment to keep the guests in a good mood and to keep them staying.
Some gambling establishments offer free alcoholic beverages, but drunkenness impairs judgment, and all good gamblers realize the importance of remaining sober.
On busy and snowy roads, the liability is low and you can't drive like you're on a bare road surface.
On the other hand, freezing and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic continues uninterrupted throughout most of the year.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight of many visitors.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to get close to cars, and the standard equipment allows for good visibility.
The Paralympics will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held at other venues across Japan.
The cancellation guidelines vary, but as of the end of March most cancellation guidelines due to the coronavirus did not apply until July 2020, for which the Olympics were scheduled.
It is estimated that most tickets for the event will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with an average ticket costing around ¥7,000.
The effectiveness of filters varies greatly, and if you have any concerns, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reliable company.
Travelers may encounter animal pests they do not know from their native area.
Infectious diseases as such or dangerous animals that can harm or kill humans by violence are not usually classified as insects.
Customs-free shopping is the ability to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and excise duties in certain places.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Freeway is arguably the greatest driving challenge, often leading through remote, undeveloped terrain.
If you're not used to driving on country roads, be careful: steep crevices, narrow lanes and sharp curves predominate here.
The specified speed limits are significantly lower than in the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and their strict compliance is even more important than usual.
But interestingly, mobile coverage here is much better than many other areas of the trail, like the Pennsylvania Wilds.
With a selection of 17,000 islands, Indonesian food is a catch-all term that encompasses a wide variety of regional cuisines found throughout the country.
They give the rider more grip, but there are safety concerns because the rider's feet may get trapped inside them.
Cochamó Valley  Chile's most important climbing destination, known as Yosemite National Park of South America, with a variety of large granite walls and cliffs.
The summits offer a breathtaking view, and climbers from all over the world keep discovering new paths along the walls that offer endless possibilities.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as Skipenner, planning their entire holiday around skiing in a particular place.
It is similar to alpine skiing, but does not necessarily involve mountaineering, as the latter is done on steep terrain and requires much steeper skiing and boots.
Consider the hiking trail a comparable hiking trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has a number of independent countries. Normally, you would have to apply for multiple visas and undergo multiple passport checks if you wanted to travel through several countries.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to go through passport control again.
There is no generally accepted definition of what items are classified as antiques. Some tax authorities classify items that are over 100 years old as antiques.
"Although the term 'Gypsy' is widely used, especially by non-Romans, it is often perceived as offensive, as it is associated with its negative prejudices and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma".
They may also take advice from governments other than your own, but their advice is tailored to their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may be faced with different circumstances than Europeans or Arabs.
Consultations are merely a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views presented are often superficial, general and overly simplified compared with the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Anyone planning to travel to a country that is considered a war zone should attend a specialist training course.
There are numerous books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but few on war zones.
The willingness of States to issue passports with an unidentified gender (X) or papers adapted to the desired name and gender varies.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and while it's still, before the show starts.
The island group is located 120 km north of the peninsula, the largest being King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Ellsworthland is the area south of the peninsula bounded by Lake Bellingshausen.
The mountains of the peninsula pass here into the plain and then rise again to form the 360 km long chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, which is divided by the Minnesota Glacier.
In remote areas without mobile coverage, a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is generally not a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outside and in a clear line of sight of a satellite to make a call.
The service is frequently used by ships, including pleasure craft, as well as by research trips requiring data and voice telecommunications.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide further information about connecting to that service.
An increasingly popular option for people planning to take a year off is to study and study abroad.
This is particularly popular among school leavers, as it allows them to take a year off before college without affecting their education.
Finland is a great destination for boat trips. The 'Land of a Thousand Lakes' also has thousands of islands in the lakes and coastal islands.
If you only go ashore on board trips, you do not need an additional visa (as of 2009).
As you can see on the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
There is no need to be ashamed of it: it is nothing more than the personal fears and dislikes that many people have.
On some routes the larger companies use their own aircraft, but on other routes and on smaller companies there were difficulties.
The only way to get through it faster was to ship it as abandoned baggage, because airline regulations don't allow you to ship baggage without a traveler, and that's where you come in.
However, this is not cheap: as a rule of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fee for the business and the elephant fee for the first class!
The airlines are well aware that there is a certain core group of pilots who, for the privilege of getting to their destination quickly and comfortably, are willing to pay a lot of money and charge appropriate prices.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic which has suffered from ethnic conflicts.
Izmir is the third-largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second-largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping malls are characterized by classic red brick roofs, the 18th-century market, as well as old mosques and churches, although the city emits a touch of Mediterranean Europe rather than traditional Turkey.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, as it is legally defined as the first official language.
Parisians are said to be self-absorbed, rude and arrogant.
Although this is often just an incorrect premonition, the best way to find yourself in Paris is to show your best side and behave like someone who is bien élevé (well-educated).
The barbarian appearance of the Parisians disappears very quickly when you put some basic decency into practice.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, with mainly scrub, ferns and ponds, and offers a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean flora.
It is home to rare wildlife such as European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owl, lynx, feral cats and chickens, as well as many more common species.
These can also be borrowed from the stock at the entrance, but the clothes are not washed after each wearer, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts.
Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork) and always uses olive oil.
It may also make reading easier, but writing is somewhat difficult because you have to determine whether a keyword or an adjective is used as the main word.
The Italian pronunciation is comparatively simple, since most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
That is why reading this introductory grammar would help you to learn much about Persian grammar and to understand the wording better.
However, people who speak a little Spanish might quickly conclude that Portuguese is so similar that you don't have to learn it extra.
Most modern research telescopes are massive installations in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
If you go to a formal garden and collect samples, you're also thrown out without ifs and buts.
There are also a few buses heading north to Hebron, the ancient burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Inland waterways can be a good basis for holiday planning.
Many of the festival's customs have been adopted worldwide by non-believers in both Christian and non-Christian lands.
It is customary to spend Easter night awake in some open place to watch the sunrise.
Of course, there are Christian theological explanations for this practice, but it could well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
Because of its great distance from the continent, mammals were unable to make the journey, making the giant tortoise the main predator on the Galapagos Islands.
This provides a good opportunity to see the northern lights, as the sky is more or less dark around the clock.
Suits are common business clothing, and colleagues use their family names or job titles.
Workplace consistency is crucial, with a focus on group performance rather than praise for individual achievements.
Often, workers must seek the approval of their superiors for all decisions they make and are expected to follow their superiors' instructions unconditionally.