Madam President, I would firstly like to compliment you on the fact that you have kept your word and that, during this first part-session of the new year, the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably.
This is how we are going to judge the success of these guidelines: whether EU regional policy with a good, solid, enabling guideline, can open up new opportunities and allow our poor and structurally weak regions to play their full part in contributing to the growth and prosperity of the EU.
On the subject of the role of the guidelines, Mrs Schroedter, you pointed out that this is the context in which guidelines on a number of European objectives, often very precise ones, should be provided.
It is absolutely essential that companies in areas developing more slowly adopt the latest technology and know-how.
It is absolutely crucial that parallel temporary measures be introduced in the Objective 1 Regions, that is to say job creation measures, special programmes for supporting employment opportunities for women and initiatives to help people set up their own business.
In this way, positive development of the regions is also possible, because people will start business and will work if they are given the chance.
We are debating a highly controversial modernisation proposal for European monopolies law, that is Mr von Wogau' s report, and it is far more controversial than the vote in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs may have given us reason to believe.
Orders in the steel industry and the ship-building industry - we also spoke about this a while ago - have decreased drastically, resulting in a loss of jobs.
Finally, after Seattle, do you really think you can advocate increasing the role of the WTO?
A European inspection body must be established which can monitor the condition of vessels effectively and efficiently.
We must thank those who, while defenceless and lacking in resources, have battled courageously against the grave effects that this disaster has had on coastal regions, the marine ecosystem and European fishing stocks.
We must reduce CO2 emissions, employ renewable energies, and generally make enquiries, in this connection, as to how the forests of Europe are faring.
In an industry worth some EUR 600 billion annually, even a slight dip in confidence levels can have significant effects.
There are a number of things that undermine consumer confidence - lack of information is one.
Clearly, any future social action programme should take account of developments, for example within information technology, and, in time, become a modern social action programme.
In its resolution referring to specific atrocities committed against Serbs and Romanies, Parliament also vigorously condemns the continuing violence against the Serb population and calls on the leaders of the Kosovo Albanians to fully respect UN Resolution 1244.
I think that we need to consider how we can best present this to the general public.
This is an issue which, as you will understand, will have to be addressed at IGC level and is an issue that only a Special European Council can authorise the Portuguese Presidency to pursue, because this kind of issue falls outside the institutional framework in which the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference will take place.
We cannot maintain a situation in which investments and the creation of jobs are less lucrative than short-term sales of foreign currency and shares.
History has taught us that Fascists start to blow hot and cold: using heated words first, in populist, xenophobic speeches, and then cool words in order to make themselves acceptable to institutions and to infiltrate them gradually, poisoning them, until the day they start to take action.
After all, what will the citizens say if we make a solemn announcement about rights to them but they are unable to take legal action in respect of these rights as individuals?
The Commission' s former president, Jacques Delors, has once again publicly raised the issue of a European Confederation. He has also said that the countries in the vanguard of integration should be able to proceed faster and that they should have their own institutions, for the sake of clarity.
The fundamental problem is that, at the moment, the distribution of the burden amongst the different donors has been established in the statements of the High Level Steering Group, but it is also true that they have no legal status. This is simply a political commitment.
In order to ensure that at least 50% of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, it is not enough to deal with a few hot spots that will be more profitable in the short term.
Retrospective law is bad law, it is unfair law and often it is unworkable law.
What, then, are the values of these Socialists who feathered their electoral nest in the last century by painting the idea of greater social justice in glowing colours for the benefit of the underprivileged, and who today are nothing more than the party of protected civil servants, full-time union officials and state capitalism?
The most remote regions, particularly the four French overseas departments, must be able to coordinate INTERREG III and the EDF in order to fund, in turn, cooperation projects with their ACP neighbours in their respective geographical areas.
We have noted increasing levels of apprehension and disquiet, even within regions where unemployment is quite low and prosperity very high.
Do not believe for one moment that your proposed reform of the budget will disguise the limitations of the Community financial system.
Mrs McCarthy is therefore suggesting an increase in the funds allocated to URBAN and the promotion of this Community initiative through a costly communication campaign extolling the benefits of a federal Europe.
However, we amended the draft report adopted by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development in order to clarify certain points which will make this Community initiative more effective.
My question, Commissioner Byrne is this: the UN conference in Montreal decided that genetically-modified organisms must be labelled for international trade.
We have therefore always argued for a progressive system of recuperation of costs. This system should take good account of social, environmental and economic effects, and its implementation should be modulated in accordance with differing geographical and climatic conditions.
This has never been the case. We are simply trying to ensure, in a Europe with 30 or 27 Member States, the best conditions for the operation of the internal market without one country being able to block the other 26 or 27.
This worries me because this means that, when adopting texts, we are going to be continually threatened by attack from the World Trade Organisation. This will fundamentally weaken European environmental legislation and particularly this proposal.
If we are to be able to motivate everybody, I believe it is extremely important for this message to be sent all the way from the top down or, if you prefer, from the bottom up.
I would like to know whether you are going to stop completely the funding at this stage until there is a proper investigation.
In the middle of an election campaign, a series of authorities, all of them run by the party in government, made clearly electioneering speeches which, furthermore, were broadcast live on television.
Many of them are based upon the very constructive, informal discussions which have taken place between Parliament and the Council in connection with the first reading.
It is widely known that a significant proportion of aid is today granted under the Member States' national policies, which are not always complementary or well coordinated.
To focus on the input coming from the evaluations, I would mention the following problems: the objections of Community policy are too numerous and too vague and this adversely affects coherence.
You only have to realise that the category of  least developed countries  has grown from 25 to 48 countries over the last 30 years, and now represents 13% of the world' s population, yet this category only accounts for 0.4% of world exports and 0.6% of world imports or be aware of the unfortunate fact that official development aid from rich countries has fallen by around 23% since 1990.
I also abstained for another reason. I think the time has come for the European institutions to stop experimenting and trying to establish best practices for doing what we should do and begin to give European citizens some firm indication regarding what Europe wants Europe to be.
I protest against an ignoble and inhuman organisation which literally condemns hundreds of millions of human beings to a wretched death to enrich a minority.
The issue of UCITS may appear difficult, technical and a political minefield.
I just want to conclude by saying that a number of Members of Parliament think that the present proposal goes too far, while others think that I am not sufficiently liberal.
It would seem to us that the Council has taken the various issues - those of legitimate interceptions, the rights of the defence, the rights of detainees and of the authorities legally empowered to request mutual assistance - a little too lightly.
Secondly, this is not fair towards employees of other companies where reorganisations also take place and where it hurts too.
Human rights are being violated consistently and have been for a long period of time, not only by UNITA, but also by the government itself.
The government too is responsible for this continuing violence. This is why we insist that the journalists - more than 20 were imprisoned last year - keep speaking their minds.
That an accident like this can happen at all is therefore an extremely shameful state of affairs.
Secondly, I would like to explode a myth, taking as a starting point an apparent paradox, which is clearly highlighted by Eurostat figures: the main international tourist countries are not those traditionally regarded as tourist destinations, but on the contrary the most advanced nations, whose quality of life is one of their main attractions and most heavily promoted features.
But I also believe that in future we will have to make the universal service sufficiently attractive.
It is the defence of a territory, the protection of a country and in general of interests considered to be vital?
As you know, the Iraqi Government has refused to abide by United Nations Resolution 1284, and this is likely to lead, within the next six or seven weeks, to a refusal to issue entrance visas to the committee monitoring the destruction of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons.
We feel we must condemn, above all, this economy in which, in order to make extra profits, a firm can ruin a region with pollution in the same way that it can ruin a region by closing factories.
It is then far more sensible to find out why some countries or regions are doing so very badly, rather than saying that we are underperforming compared to the United States.
Therefore, our responsibility is both economic and social.
That said, we do not want to bureaucratise Europe and neither do we want to centralise it.
Now, I am not particularly radical or revolutionary, but it seemed to my colleagues that this process lacked something, especially at a time when we are trying to reconnect Europe with its citizens, when we want them to be clear about what we are doing here.
When farmers are going bankrupt every day in the UK, when the level of suicides amongst farmers and farm-workers has reached unprecedented levels, when the economy of rural Britain is in spiral decline, how can I explain to them that EUR 300 million would be better off spent in Kosovo? In such circumstances, it would be mad to slash the budget to this extent.
Why, for example, could we not take up the notion that a certain number of citizens - let us say from three different EU countries - could formulate a citizens' initiative that then could be channelled though the European Parliament?
Given the EU' s support for UN resolutions on the Western Sahara and the concern generated by the ambiguous content of the letter sent to Mr Galland, does the Commission not think that, as a matter of urgency and in agreement with the Council, it should officially consult the UN Secretary-General regarding a legal definition of the Western Sahara' s waters based on international law?
This flagrant violation of our basic environmental laws must not be allowed to continue.
I would like to draw your attention here to just three, regarding which my Group has been active. They are: the need to act when independent journalists are attacked, the need to protect conscientious objectors and deserters, and the need to develop smart sanctions, which do not make conditions wretched for vast sections of the population, but which are targeted at the political tyrants that have amassed riches.
Anyone who wants to hold a serious discussion on human rights in the EU should talk about human rights and not abuse these valuable and excellent reports for tactical domestic policy games.
We are also open to opportunities for strengthening them.
Clever as he is, he has taken cover under a point of order to give a short, two-and-a-half minute speech as to what we must forgive him for as an Austrian who also comes from Carinthia.
They are quite different and must be dealt with quite separately.
How can we create new markets?
Furthermore, the democratic oversight of national intelligence services is, in any case, primarily a matter for national parliaments.
However, the police counter-strategies needed still mainly come within the jurisdiction of the nation states.
Firstly, we are going to seek higher international standards within the framework of the ICAO, we are going to cooperate within the ICAO and we are going to seek a common objective, which will be to reduce noise at airports even further and thereby achieve lower noise levels, by applying more modern technologies, with a phasing out period for the most noisy aircraft with the establishment of a chapter 4.
It could, on the other hand, be adopting direct, specific and effective measures on issues such as debt or technology transfer, where we see hesitancy and a lack of effectiveness.
The role of NGOs is particularly important in this context.
The Union for a Europe of Nations Group is equally opposed, out of concern for consistency, to any annual financing of the EUR 5.5 billion sought for the Balkans by increasing the ceiling on external expenditure by Europe and lowering the ceilings for the agricultural headings, on the deceitful pretext that the appropriations would not be taken from agriculture, but that it would be appropriate to release margins for 2001 and 2002.
We can hardly be surprised that certain individuals, at best psychologically weak, at worst deliberately criminal, lose all their moral principles and commit reprehensible acts not because of any geographic remoteness or cultural difference, but because, in their own countries, those moral principles have disintegrated.
There is the danger that children themselves may surf the Internet and come across pornographic images of their peers, thereby sustaining psychological damage.
I am of the opinion that the Fund should finance measures to inform the public concerning the policy and practice of the Member States with regard to refugees, asylum seekers and other temporarily protected persons.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to thank the rapporteur for his thorough work but, in my opinion, the preparatory work has been carried out far too meticulously, with too much weight given to the precautionary principle.
Plants and animals are not production factors which can simply be manipulated.
If we in the EU hamper or even block the use of genetically modified organisms, we shall be manoeuvring ourselves into a backwater in this important area.
Besides, the Presidency' s conclusions boldly state that the aim is 'improved employability' and both the information society and education are dragged along in chains to serve that rationale as tools to support part-time work, tele-employment and piecework employment.
Secondly, Member States with a large population get more than their fair share.
Denis Halliday, who resigned his position as Director of the UN Humanitarian Mission in Iraq in protest at the sanctions, confirmed the UNICEF statistics that 5 000 to 6 000 children die every month as a direct result of sanctions.
We also have to address the bombings that are taking place without any UN mandate.
UNICEF estimates that half a million children have died as a result of nine years of sanctions, to the utter indifference of the civilised world.
Land reform is one of the most important issues throughout southern Africa, so it is therefore not surprising to see that it is again being exploited by Mugabe to his advantage, just prior to the elections, exactly as he has done in previous elections.
It is not often that we discuss urgencies that might be able to change something for the better. We are always very reactionary and talk about things that we really cannot affect.
The Commission delegation must be sufficiently equipped to be able to do this independently and to a professional standard.
We proposed such a level in order to use the committed resources in a more efficient and useful way and to deal with strategic issues rather than the details of individual projects.
Mr Kinnock' s reform plan is, on the whole, both visionary and realistic.
This was a major obstacle for us, mainly because the Commission had skirted this thorny issue a little too easily in the past.
I should like to pay tribute to the Commission. Without wishing to embarrass you, Mrs Diamantopoulou, throughout almost all this debate Parliament has had the technical and even political support of the Commission, particularly on the important amendments.
This would then render my Amendment No 63 redundant, where religion is seen in a positive light, as we would thus redress the balance and have a clean report.
In reality, however, the text before us is so obsessed with hunting down discrimination that it completely loses sight of the basic principles of the rule of law and even, to crown it all, the principle of equal treatment between persons.
True, but it is just as inconsistent to bomb Kosovo and then pay to rebuild it, or to eliminate internal borders and lose customs duties and then set up OLAF to defend the financial interests of the European Union.
The Commission confirms that, pursuant to contractual arrangements, all outstanding projects from the Third and Fourth Framework Programmes must be completed properly.
First: the security policy template is a military, not a political, civil or cooperative one and the section on preventive and civil security policy cannot hide that fact.
To use a slang word it is a 'cop-out' to say that it is not a matter for the Council.
We disassociate ourselves from the ideological agenda, which the motion for a resolution calls ambitious and which involves a disastrous undermining of democracy in the Member States.
For walnut trees, for example, the return on investment is around 18 years, and consequently, I believe that economic and financial logic and coherence, and also political coherence, require that for these crops, the Commission should show continuity, logic and common sense.
There will certainly be a way out, but I doubt that it will be a graceful one.
However, we must concede that, institutionally, the Union is in a rut. At the same time, certain parties responsible for European policy are voicing various ideas in the press which the citizens of Europe can follow, but without the opportunity to take part in any debate.
We have an historic responsibility to overcome barriers and not to intensify conflicts in the way that happened in the case of Austria.
The latest incidents have been the subject of complaints to UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on mass violations of Cypriot airspace and the Nicosia F.I.R. by a total of 78 Turkish fighter-planes on 27 and 30 April, and on 1, 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 12, 17, 18, 19 and 26 May 2000.
It really would be most welcome for the forthcoming budgetary procedure if the Council could be accommodating here and vote with us.
We have all received a lot of letters, documents and requests for interviews over the last few days, nearly all from representatives of national railways and nearly all warning us, unisono against the compulsory separation of management and infrastructure called for in the proposals by the rapporteur Georg Jarzembowski.
If the railways are liberalised, we can kiss rural life goodbye, which is why we are opposed to this blind liberalisation and its consequences.
Indeed, the case was to be brought to court but was put on hold when the Commission agreed to work to produce validation systems for the test methods by the end of this year; so we can test these and test the alternatives.
In order to increase their yield, the British stuffed their cows with bonemeal.
I have no doubt that these amendments will also have answered the question as to how information is to be communicated. Moreover, we have also drawn attention to the fact that indoor pollution is also a major problem which should be addressed by EU research programmes.
We cannot start a debate now, even if the matter is an extremely sensitive issue.
There must be greater flexibility within this system no matter how stringent the rules are to ensure that all sectors and all businesses in the European Union have an opportunity to secure accreditation under the Community Eco-Management and Audit scheme.
In sum, Madam President, I would urge you to ensure that a real dialogue is established according to the Dalai Lama' s five-point peace plan; it will then be a happy day for Tibet' s entire population.
But it is also a fact that the situation remains precarious; and here I, like Dr Winkler, must also state that unfortunately not just the Austrian Government but also some other governments do not give the Monitoring Centre sufficient support.
They had no trouble delegating and taking the powers of the other ministries to the European level, but when it comes to their own power, it is a different question altogether.
At the same time a full spectrum of care from basic treatment of opportunistic infections to entry retroviral therapy for HIV infection can no longer be denied to the vast majority of the millions of people infected with the virus.
It therefore concerns me that there is no way of searching or taking soundings.
The real problem is that the people need to develop their resistance and enforce their right to fundamental information.
The digital revolution will open up many new ways of exploiting audiovisual works: video on demand via the Internet, for example.
It is there not just to revitalise our bodies but also our minds and our souls, and we have to recognise the importance of that fact in European legislation.
It should be our job to give sport a new role in a changed society, with new and modern technical and medical facilities, and in this way to preserve its values.
They recognise it is a precondition for persuading the consumer to shop on-line and therefore our key objective has to be to encourage that trust and confidence which in turn will benefit business by broadening their customer and consumer market base.
We need to create trust but, until these new systems are in place, there is no reason why consumers should not enjoy the same rights on-line as they do offline.
(Applause)Dialogue cannot serve to cover up violence and terror, nor can it mean surrender in the face of crime. Political dialogue is only possible when the bombs cease to go off, the guns are silent and democratic values have been accepted.
Fourthly, how can you guarantee that the greater involvement by pension funds in risk capital called for in the report may not lead to pension contributions being lost, which would run counter to the contributors' objective of ensuring a secure retirement?
European bus measurements may seem a trivial matter, but it is no such thing.
It is therefore all the easier to imagine the possible variation from one country to the next. Especially since it is in States' interest to 'cheat' and understate their basic taxable amount for VAT or the GNP levy.
This is not, however, the case for basic rights such as the right of all employees to strike or join unions.
Well, Mr President, let us spread the word that it is precisely these new opportunities arising from enlargement, to include former dictatorships and countries under totalitarian regimes, which can help us broaden our horizons.
Not only do the social activities which underpin the social programme complement the directive' s legal framework, they also need to generate the extra information, the expertise and the support structure to complement and improve this legal framework.
Furthermore, I believe programmes that help reduce and overcome violence and aggression should also be on offer. No doubt they could not be marketed so spectacularly and would therefore produce lower ratings, but in return they could make a considerable contribution to damage limitation and to combating the adverse effects.
We are responsible for ensuring that our young people can shape a future society in which violence and aggression are not presented as hip or cool or as examples to be copied but as deeply reprehensible.
They can have the legislation sent to them by fax without exercising any contributory influence. What they cannot do is avoid the legislation, no matter how many people vote no in the referendums.
Nor should we have to contend with things of the kind that have gone on recently in the Council, for example when the agricultural ministers rejected a cost-cutting proposal from the Council, i.e. they voted for higher expenditure and then the Council of Finance Ministers reduced expenditure in the agricultural sector.
For the 2001 budget - that is for conciliation - there is a touch of déja vu in that it is so similar to the 2000 budget because category 4 is overriding everything.
The Brok resolution, for its part, offers a political dimension to this work and the questions for oral answer put to the Commission by Mr Brok and Mr Miranda offer guidelines that are of major importance.
Mr Bush, in whose State 144 executions have been carried out, succeeded in removing the issue of the death penalty from the electoral campaign and discreetly and hypocritically postponed the executions in his State until after the elections.
Most American politicians, public officials, seem to take that view and it is sometimes the case that public officials, elected officials, take particular points of view because they think they are popular.
Since the allegedly liberal parties, including the European liberal parties, always tend to ally themselves with parties of xenophobic, racist, authoritarian inspiration, I feel that this is not only a serious danger for Italy, but also an indication of something which concerns the whole of Europe.
Mr President, I would like to have an explanation of what you meant when you said  wir checken , as that word is not part of my German vocabulary.
We really are on a tightrope and I think that decisions on supplementary insurance which will apply to all the Member States need to be taken cautiously and with a great deal of circumspection.
Part of these European savings are allowing European firms to go abroad and become international; in some cases they are European investments produced abroad, and in others still they are just countries or issuers that act in Europe, where they can raise funds better and then transfer them abroad.
I predict that this directive, too, will fall before the European Court of Justice, and Parliament and the Commission will make a fool of themselves just as they did the first time, if we are not prepared to examine the legal aspects.
I personally become more and more enthusiastic when I meet young, open, well-educated Russians and more and more depressed by Russian structures, be they state, economic or even mafia structures.
We also need European legislation because, in my opinion, we can no longer allow aviation companies to 'shop around' .
We can see the manufacturer's benefit that this piece of carrot stays orange and does not turn grey.
We are going to  balkanise  our cultural products!
It will inevitably push individual companies over the edge.
But I must still point out that, however worrying, this affair also has its amusing side and, if nothing else, illustrates the current state of Europe, the Europe of Nice.
I congratulate Mr Varela on his political foresight, which could almost be called poetic.
The principle of subsidiarity is all very well - although I feel that it would be grossly inappropriate to take away the licences of all drunk drivers - but the problem is working out at what point a driver is to be considered drunk according to our highway code.
However, they, and this applies equally to men, have to be able to manage their domestic commitments just as well as they cope with the professional demands placed on them.
Because unfortunately, hatred, coercion and attempts to put the partner under pressure using these methods, have regained the upper hand.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as Mrs McNally said earlier, her report was not a particularly sexy matter.
I therefore hope that the renewed adoption of a ban on the use of this hormone-treated meat here in Europe might capture the attention both of American consumers and of the American health authorities so that we avoid having to have further discussions of this matter under the auspices of the WTO.
Paragraph 12 demands, requests, calls on the Member States to consider how to apply specific VAT arrangements to publications which are downloaded.
As a politician for culture, my responsibility is, firstly, to give rightholders a secure basis for their existence and, secondly - and I do not mean secondarily but equally - to guarantee the public free access and, at the same time, ensure that high-quality works are available to the public in all their diversity.
There is a free choice of policy, and if a country goes down a markedly different path than the one recommended, it can be criticised, but nothing more.
The charge is that Ireland is to seek to achieve economic stability and, in that context, our last budget was deemed to be over-inflationary.
In fact, if the European Commission had deliberately decided on a course which would alienate the UK from joining the euro, by revealing itself to be an out-of-date bureaucracy which tries to bully elected governments in ways that are completely outside its brief, it could not have done better.
I drew up on behalf of Parliament a report, which was approved almost unanimously last year, in which Parliament warned the Commission that the reforms must be implemented as quickly as possible to avoid staff demoralisation and public disenchantment.
Mr President, I have requested the floor not for personal reasons but on behalf of the President of my group and in my capacity as Vice-President of that group, to say that I thought Mr Poettering' s speech was marvellous.
It would be good if consumers really could find out exactly what their conversations cost or if they at least received a follow-up SMS straight away, telling them what the call had cost.
There is a doctor in Italy who already wants to clone people reproductively, and 60 volunteers have already come forward for this experiment.
However, from now on, the main amounts of these transactions are going to be considered as financial assets that do not count as public debt, which could enable the net debt, and therefore excessive public debt, to be disguised or hidden, which is unacceptable.
Agreeing a research project, funding it, undertaking it and then having it validated by ECVAM, endorsed by the Scientific Committee and incorporated into Annex 5 requires that sort of timescale.
We should appropriate industry's findings and not randomly back or call for substitutes which we ourselves have not yet investigated, and about which we ourselves do not know the full facts.
To my three colleagues, who do not wish to grant discharge, I would like to say that it would really have worried me if they had said that they wanted to grant discharge.
If it is good enough for a Member State to do this together with a UN organisation and have its reporting accepted, it should be good enough for the European Union to do basically the same.
The policy of tobacco manufactures expressly targets this market by giving cigarette smoking a tough and sporting image in advertising.
Powrie primary school in Dundee asked that alcohol should be made 'uncool' ;
Madam President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, it is now time to say, loudly and firmly, 'basta ya!'
Here again the primary concern must be qualification, with the ethnic principle coming second.
General Morillon, here this afternoon, served at Srebrenica and other places with dignity, despite having a very difficult and effectively impossible UN mandate.
The whole thing has spiralled so far out of control - I actually heard the word 'extravagant' being used earlier - that some of the social democrats are beginning to openly call for a new type of nationalism, but, this time, one with a European edge, whereas even they are proving to be unable to shoulder their rightful responsibilities on behalf of their own countries.
According to the UN body the IOM, half a million women are lured or forced into Europe every year for a life as sex slaves.
The Air France group has, for example, just announced a gross operating surplus of FRF 10 billion, or approximately FRF 200 000 per company employee, and, in spite of the substantial increase in the price of kerosene, the company has just increased its shareholder dividends by 57% this year.
This morning, there were only 18 seats in total on the flight from Milan Malpensa to Strasbourg, as a result of which Mrs Morgantini and other Members found that their seats had been double-booked, and she was unable to get a plane in time to be here before the beginning of the part-session, despite the fact that she had left Rome at 7.30 this morning.
On the one hand, there is the Anglo-Saxon tradition, characterised by laissez-faire and open market principles.
I think we have to acknowledge that Mr Bush and his administration have shown themselves to be just as primitive and populist as might have been feared.
It is therefore necessary to apply the Rules of Procedure in a rational way.
That is where it really belongs.
The truth is that the damaging examples of this much sought after mobility of companies and employers are still shocking public opinion in my country even today.
Thirdly, reducing ecopoints does not reduce transit traffic through the Alps as a whole because it will either be switched to routes through Switzerland or trickily converted to bilateral traffic to and from Austria or traffic using east European lorries which are subject to a different licensing system and do not come under the ecopoint system.
That draft provides for the setting up of an observation and information centre that can collate requests for aid and centralise the aid offered and that will be linked with contact points specified by the Member States.
Commissioner, you cannot take an infinite amount of time over this.
Madam President, I am aware that some here will find themselves thinking that it is not possible to travel to Strasbourg via Scotland; but I would merely like to say - in Patricia McKenna's native language - that  what goes up, must come down .
Madam President, we are a small delegation of MEPs who have just come back from the Clinique Sainte Barbe here in Strasbourg, to which a former Chechen minister, Mr Ibragimov, had been admitted after having been on hunger strike for 27 days.
I thank you, Mr Vande Lanotte, for re-emphasising in your speech this aspect - the willingness to negotiate - for I believe that this demand must also be addressed to the Council, that flexibility is necessary in negotiations and that what is said in the various sittings must not be merely a repetition of what was decided by governments in the capitals.
Furthermore, the patenting of living organisms must be prohibited, because these are the heritage of all humanity and cannot and must not be hijacked by private interests that want to turn life into a commodity.
Its title was 'Our friend the atom' , and it was illustrated in that marvellous way that Walt Disney used to illustrate his universally famous works, as we might call them.
Airlines have gone bankrupt.
Just to single out one point: if you do not even give this Convention the right to elect its own president from among its own members, you are disowning it before the eyes of the European public as a whole.
A majority vote in the committee demanded a rather faster implementation than the Commission proposed even if some of us were concerned at the Commission's assertion that this will, in fact, produce a net increase in CO2 emissions.
It is understandable that honourable Members should think that there is some confusion in our management strategy for the whole region, But I do not feel that I am being inconsistent in arguing, on the one hand, that we have to work through Europe Aid, through deconcentration, which has now begun and which we must now push as rapidly as possible, while on the other hand, saying there may be odd occasions, particularly crises, which require different sort of arrangements.
That can, of course, also be fifty-fifty, it need not be two thirds one gender and only one third the other.
What is more important is to decide whether or not to still discuss the procedure gradually.
I therefore believe - and here we are putting our trust in you, Commissioner - that you will have to check very punctiliously how the Member States transpose the things we have just brought into being.
So there is an issue here, Commissioner, in that we do need to standardise our information formats while recognising that there are different cultures on policing and information collection across the EU.
Today, the European Parliament is reneging on this agreement with a vengeance.
I do not want to start an institutional debate on your office right now, but I cannot even begin to imagine that there is anyone else out there who could bear the double burden you have to bear and shoulder it so brilliantly.
If the Council wants to play poker on this, we can play that game too, and for us that means remaining resolute and supporting Mr Cappato's Amendment No 14.
By their abusive hysteria about illegal immigrants and asylum seekers they demonise foreigners and generate more race tensions and suspicions.
However, you do notice it in cafeterias, cafes or restaurants or when you try to park your car in the usual place.
Now we fly to Frankfurt or Zurich direct and then travel by car for three hours.
If we are to use the Agency to disburse funds - Mrs Stenzel thinks the amount should decrease, and she is right - we have to be aware that the economic situation continues to be very, very bleak.
Mr President, I can add to what Mr van Hulten and Mr Swoboda have said, having had the opportunity last week to read the Commission's report on disciplinary measures because a British journalist wanted to interview me about it.
They want, again, to give themselves the right to defer the sixth amendment, and if we now lie down quietly like little lambs, then they will believe that they have the right to carry on doing the same thing.
The Left is clearly and blatantly relegating to the background the objectives regarding domestic security and the balance of our societies.
There can, though, be no doubt that responsibility for adherence to the climate change objectives rests primarily with the states that signed the Kyoto Protocol, that is, with the Member States of the European Union, that burden sharing is a voluntary agreement within the European Union, and that the measures proposed by the Commission and supported by Parliament must not be allowed to frustrate these objectives.
We are against arms dealing, whether it be official, unofficial or illegal.
Members of Parliament should be able to speak on important matters when the occasion arises.
The hallmark of the Budget as we draw it up at present is that heated debates rage during the budget-setting process around every million, sometimes even every thousand euros, yet during the year we often have to shift funds around and restructure the Budget.
At a point when the term 'social dimension' and thus all the mechanism that involves - notably the social dialogue - are constantly on everyone's lips, and when we are talking about deepening social issues in Europe, we are wasting time.
On 20 November, the newspaper 'El Pais' reported that most vessels passing through the Straits of Gibraltar take on fuel from tanker ships anchored in Gibraltarian waters, instead of doing so in the port of Algeciras, where there are better installations.
It is a step forward because we would like to have a guidance instrument and those who today are building computers that lend themselves to recycling - like this one, for example - should also be rewarded and those who want to continue producing boring old-fashioned ones in the future should be asked to contribute to the high costs of disposal.
One example is the inclusion in the Treaty of the policy of economic and social cohesion, of consumer protection and of environment policy, all of which are intended to complement and balance the strategies of opening up the markets and liberalisation.
Parliament is being ignored to an extent that, in this area in particular, could scarcely be surpassed; hence the urgent call for the Commission to make some progress on laying down specific criteria for this.
When viewed solely from the point of view of cosmetics, the outcome of the conciliation can be described as good.
For the first time, however, there is hope that people - even those who are HIV positive - can in fact improve their lives and the quality of their lives if they have access to medicines.
I hope we will soon have every EU citizen wearing what I would like to call the 'Hand C' not a 'PC', a wristwatch that is a combination of a PC, mobile phone and an LCD screen that will enable us to communicate audiovisually, process data, buy, sell and pay by voicemail, watch any sport and listen to our favourite music.
And yet this government is completely incapable of imposing the constitution and the law on the country.
Almost 8% of 15- to 19-year-olds smoke pot daily, and 75% of young people think that cannabis is harmless, even though several studies produced by the medical profession indicate conclusively that the use of cannabis poses physical and, more especially, psychological risks and that it leads to addiction.
We also have exercises whereby we can actually simulate a major accident, even with biological or chemical weapons.
This is not a romantic 'yes', it is a 'yes' which is a result of 15 years of profound economic and social change, 10 years of cooperation and preparation and more than 5 years of tough and difficult negotiations.
The authorities at Amsterdam airport persist in exercising an oppressive policy against any Greeks who have not dyed their hair blond and used contact lenses to make their eyes blue.
A ban on soft drugs simply leads to young people rebelling and eases their move onto the use of hard drugs.
It is every bit as real as the Iraq war.
Mr President, the aim of Mr Corbett's report is to strengthen Parliament's powers of control over the texts implementing legislative acts prepared by the Commission in the context of what is mysteriously known as comitology.
The issue of late payments has now become legendary in the Union.
That would perhaps make it easier to settle the ongoing debate in France and other European countries on reality television.
What do you need? How can we help you?' - would really help matters along, enabling a lot of what we are constantly talking about in this House to be achieved.
I want to say to colleagues from Limburg that we have had that experience and we now have a thriving automotive industry in the United Kingdom; we have more international car manufacturers assembling cars in the United Kingdom than any other country in the European Union.
Mr President, please write to the chief executive and get Diageo to stop this!
That is, of course, a little bizarre as a reason, though.
The diversity of the European Union is something to celebrate and not to eliminate.
The first of these is the notion of a default limit-of-determination MRL.
If we can build into the new eco-design legislation a requirement that cartridges must be refillable and recyclable, it will be a major step forward in both protecting the rights of the consumer and benefiting the environment.
My thanks also go to Parliament’s delegation to the Conciliation Committee and, in particular, its Chair, Mrs Cederschiöld, who reached an agreement with the Council at the final conciliation meeting on 16 March, a compromise which we consider to be very balanced.
Madam President, I should briefly like to return to a point made, so powerfully and yet with such charm, by my group Chairman, Mrs Frassoni, which was that Turkish Cypriots need to be given the opportunity to take part in the European elections.
We stand today at a new frontier, the dawn of a new era, when the old visions of Europe have been broken down, when countries that were denied the opportunities to have democracy and representation are being given that opportunity now.
The political leaders of Serbia make light of and play down the tense situation that has developed.
He affirmed that the consequences of warfare would be disastrous and incalculable.
We would like to promote Europe a little less and ensure that people experience Europe a little more.
Exclusive competence takes the CFP outwith the principle of subsidiarity, ensuring that regional advisory councils can never evolve into management bodies.
We owe them truth. To them first of all, but also to our children and to future generations, because those who would insensitively deny the Holocaust or, worse, attempt to trivialise it, have not waited for the survivors to disappear before trying to demean this most singular of memories.
That is why more than 100 organisations, NGOs, associations and trade unions will run a mobilisation and questioning campaign at global and European level this year.
That is why it is vital that ID cards should be up-to-date, both visually and technologically speaking.
The agency will be able to charter and operate surveillance vessels, which it will place at the disposal of observers.
In addition, the Lisbon strategy will not be able to take off if the Union’s objectives do not include identifying and implementing measures to provide developing countries with effective help, leading them to democracy and respect for human rights and the rights of workers and children.
To give just one example: even small children have to present the results of an HIV test in order to obtain a Russian long-term visa.
This includes water wherever people go windsurfing or canoeing or such like, with the result that, before you know it, water throughout the Swedish archipelago will, in theory, need regularly to be monitored.
As we have seen, software has contributed towards the development of economies and has made it possible to make many tasks automatic and simplified at relatively low cost.
What we are talking about here is something completely different: inventions applied or assisted, as some amendments put it, by computer, that is to say, equipment that uses computer programs.
Clearly, therefore, the European Union must deal head on with a problem of this nature by adopting all the instruments of the rule of law and on the basis of our unequivocal respect for the defence of human rights.
If we get fixated on trade and take no account of the other social components, we will get nowhere.
Yes, of course, the law enforcement authorities have to be equipped to combat terrorism and the graver types of criminal activity, but that does not justify disregarding the rights of the individual and collecting – in a situation in which it is not absolutely necessary to do so – data and information and collating and exchanging it, to the point where, in the not-too-distant future, every detail of our citizens’ lives will be laid bare.
According to one person in the know, it would certainly help if the Bulgarian media were to film the corrupt practices that go on at the border.
It is far from ideal that manufacturers should have to juggle different regulations, and it is also highly regrettable that we were unable to gain approval for our proposal that this issue should finally be resolved by 2008 at the latest.
It is possible to log onto our home page, EUDemocrats.org and, in that way, join right off the street, free of charge, and be informed, as well as take part in the various events.
I took the trouble of reading their 1988 charter, which is chillingly medieval, bigoted and steeped in incitement to anti-Semitism and support for Jihad and Sharia law.
I need only remind the House of inventions such as laser technology or X-rays or the MP3 player.
We want to go beyond the framework programme and into the European research area.
In some cases, football is now extremely expensive to watch, because people must pay for more than one channel subscription, with more than one company in order to watch certain matches.
Finally, what is being done about the list of sports which the Member States must propose and notify to the competent committee of the European Union, for which broadcasting on free rather than subscriber television is mandatory?
– Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I think that we, in this debate, are indulging in too much shadow boxing and not showing enough respect to the law and the public.
That is unsporting and unfair.
I am convinced that football can provide the basis for development and self-fulfilment, which is why I am pleased by the points included in this report which talk about the need to support clubs that provide young people with the right conditions both for training and for learning.
To come out and say that you are HIV positive and to deal with the discrimination and the anger that you therefore suffer is to declare yourself a warrior: a warrior because you fight the battles that you never want another generation to have to fight again.
It may be fashionable in certain circles to label Israel as the aggressor and the oppressor, but this belief is untrue and unsound.
France has armed Sudan, and Belgium is supplying weapons to the autocrat Joseph Kabila in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, partly so that he can massacre the opposition.
We buy and sell goods and services on it, and we chat and meet each other there.
We all know that the real economy is based on production, distribution and the consumption of goods in accordance with people's needs, whether those needs be real, imagined or created by advertising.
But under strictly controlled conditions biofuels can help towards a more sustainable system of energy supply, subject to guarantees that tropical rainforests will not be felled in order to fill up our cars.
I agree with my fellow Members, and in particular with my colleague Mr Paasilinna, that we cannot be doctrinaire in matters relating to energy and that we must not think of renewable energy as a panacea in itself.
Again, in my Group we are very happy that they are also included, but how do you want to link this to the other members, e.g. in Latin America, with whom we have free trade agreements?
The Israeli electricity company can reduce the supply of electricity to Gaza's 1.5 million Palestinians to a bare minimum, and the company Mekorot will ration the water it distributes, leaving it to Hamas to distribute it to the districts.
Innovation is certainly not promoted as long as multinationals with gilt-edged balance sheets are able to stash away the best part of research and development funds in their accounts, while those who are actually targeted for this kind of benefit are left out in the rain.
Mr Sarkozy emits quantities of high-sounding hot air but not once in half-an-hour does he use the word 'social'.
How can it be that an EU that stands for human rights and the elimination of torture has offered no true accountability or establishment of the truth, but only blank denials and bland assurances for its own involvement in this barbarity?
Lenin said that extremism is the infantile disease of communism; we could paraphrase Lenin and say that extremism is perhaps an infantile disease of all political, religious, economic and ideological programmes.
European retailers and manufacturers are no longer ordering, but are waiting for better offers from China.
A check-up of this kind is particularly important at a time when a financial crisis is flaring up, when mobilisation against global warming is causing a struggle, the outcome of which is uncertain, and when the international community is attempting to revive a peace process aimed at resolving the conflict that most epitomises our era.
in writing. - As an avid viewer of that great TV series 'Deadliest Catch' I am now a great admirer of fishermen and the work they do.
He was actually the very last person entitled to get this second version of the Constitution adopted by Parliament, but these are the lengths that some people will go to in order to draw attention to themselves and make themselves look as if they are pulling all the strings.
My party has a different vision for the future of Europe, which is for a Europe that is both more open, dynamic and transparent and less centralised, uniform and inflexible.
I can only get that in areas where enough taxes also can be obtained.
Let me give a specific example.
Business as usual.
This is regrettable and cannot be explained exclusively by women's heavier family commitments.
We concrete over the divergences in Europe instead of aiming for harmonisation.
Now, I do not know whether it is possible to buy a car without a radio, CD player or those sorts of things.
This means that the measures we have agreed on today are neither sensible nor necessary and we have created here a situation that is not convenient and that basically runs counter to the Lisbon Strategy.
It is better not to repeat what he said, since it was all correct, and anything I might say on the subject might be seen as an attempt to qualify his remarks, which is not necessary.
So Dutch people living in Belgium or Germany, or even farther afield in France, la belle France, or in Spain, will now be entitled to treatment.
I thought one of the most shameful things that happened was that Mugabe attended the World Food Summit where he was allowed to parade, when in fact he is the cause of some of the major global food insecurity problems in his own country and on his own continent.
The problem is this: we must avoid both rushing our Irish friends and yet at the same time establish under what conditions and with what treaty we are going to organise the 2009 European elections.
The whole thing is disturbingly like the many and varied temptations to genetic technology, by which multitudes of farmers have been brought to ruin, because the seed was not re-useable and they could not afford any more.
It is macabre - indeed, it is verging on the tasteless - when Iranian Government representatives respond to criticism of this practice by claiming that the execution is suspended until the person has attained their majority.
We can only encourage them to do this under the terms of the Treaty, which have never been revised and which are useful terms allowing Europe to progress in economic and monetary matters on the basis of the two pillars of consolidation and enlargement.
Therefore, I would like to point out that Slovenia is not being capricious in mentioning that Croatia's documents are not credible.
I do not know whether this will amuse us enough before the elections, but at least it is a contribution which we are bringing to this important issue.
There is often a lot of scope for foreign companies to get involved, which then maltreat and exploit the environment and their employees to ruination.
There is a moment, President-in-Office, in the famed melody in Smetana's Má Vlast, where cello and bassoon rise in crescendo from lugubrious depths to reach a seemingly impossible high note.
When in Europe you pose as sympathetic Europeans and great integrators but at home you talk about how you are going to walk all over them and you talk about the Lisbon Treaty as if it were no more than a scrap of paper.
If I think that, as an MEP with 25 applicants for an assistant's position, I could have a case brought against me just for the appearance of discrimination or a feeling of discrimination, I will simply not be able to work any more, but spend all my time battling with the evidence I need to provide just because the feeling is there, even though I have not discriminated in any way.
All the speakers who have vehemently spoken against discrimination have talked about the principle.
I look forward to the fundamental debate which we shall have shortly on the third programme, on the basis of a communication which the Commission has promised, so that we can discuss all the fundamental questions, everything that we have listed in a joint motion for a compromise, such as whether we should split up the programme for individual modes of transport and so on.
We decided to extend the surveillance for seasonal flu, which should normally have ended at week 20, in order to identify infections with this new flu virus.
In this way, we could have avoided having a Le Pen as the presiding oldest Member without this House murdering the Rules of Procedure and adopting a procedure that exists in no other parliament of a democratic country.
We can well see that currently, we are in a stalemate.
These should not be rendered ineffective by the individual interests of the large economic powers on the internet because they want to fight tooth and nail to save an outdated copyright system which is not adapted to the internet era.
The aim of the project is to scan in books from libraries and make them available over the internet, so that readers have quick and easy access to a large number of works on the web.
Thirty-five per cent of start-up companies in the EU have been started by people who have been unemployed.
If this directive is all-inclusive and offers full protection, it is a great opportunity for the industry to tap into the over-60s in this European Union, which would be of great benefit to them.
Europe is a continent that has very many coastlines and very large ports and these ports need to be linked together - in this regard, mobility is essential. However, we must not simply take a 'just-in-time' approach.
The current rules stipulate that aid must be used within two years of it being obtained, or else it has to be returned.
This means that a person in a wheelchair will have, as it were, to beam himself on board ship from his car or from the car belonging to the people who have brought him to the port. Once he is on the ship, he will have rights again, but the port itself is not governed by the regulation.
It has cost CAD 2 billion in replacement costs.
However, discretion does not mean acting arbitrarily, because there are rules, limits and criteria, there is a procedure with guarantees and, in any case, there is judicial control.
Women's working lives and their career paths are often hampered by the stereotype of women as weaker, less resistant to stress and likely to become pregnant at any moment, and who, as a result, might take sick leave and other kinds of leave more often than men.
The OECD's PISA survey is an important resource for these exchanges.
To put it more bluntly, in some ways, the Chinese are doing us a favour by making it entirely obvious to us that we need to escape from our current position of dependency.
In fact, they have been prohibited in the European Union since 2005, but we can see that there is too little clarity about the country of manufacture when it comes to made-in labels.
(DA) Mr President, during the debate, a great deal was said about Mr Hökmark's report on our radio spectrum policy programme - something that does not sound very glamorous, I have to admit.
For example, I very strongly reject the notion that some of these agencies just do PR and work of a very superficial nature.
This is also the only way that greater mobility of our young people can be achieved, something which is also intended to help them become acquainted with new cultures and societies so that they also have the option of making a success of themselves beyond their home country in years to come.
The leg that controls fiscal policy is muscular and articulated, while the one that controls development policy, which should provide impetus and long-term drive, appears spindly and lacking in strength.
Madam President, Mr Flynn, in businesses and factories in Europe there are often no instructions at all about how to handle explosive atmospheres, or at best they exist only in rudimentary form.
People have rightly said that the institutions are closed, elitist and impenetrable to the citizens.
In this respect, it is not just a question of the note by Mr Castille - and I also heard the smug remark being made at the time in various quarters that if the whole thing was so dangerous, it was best to say nothing at all!
Mr President, the return of Saddam Hussein's forces to Iraqi Kurdistan after all he has done over the years to destroy Kurdish villages and oppress Kurdish people is appalling, but it is monstrous that he should have been invited back by one of the main Kurdish parties, the KDP.
I think he is looking remarkably smart and it is a pleasure to see the Socialists following the Conservative style of dress.
We have a series of these sort of incidents and very little condemnation within Turkey.
We go along with the recommendation that children's broadcasts should not be interrupted by advertisements and teleshopping, and with the recommendation that one should not broadcast advertisements for prescribed medicines, or that pharmaceutical manufacturers should not be allowed to sponsor TV programs with their products.
Or perhaps you think it undignified to attack an ideology which has been discredited by those same historical processes which, according to the utopian scientific theories of Marxism, should have standardized and collectivized the whole world?
I would much prefer to be proud of good results than ashamed of bad ones, and for this reason I wish the cabinet greater unity and Mr van Mierlo - of whose European-mindedness I am completely confident - every success and a good deal of strength.
The Group of the European People's Party also welcomes the fact that the terms 'leasing' and 'subleasing' are explained in more explicit terms, so that more can be done to prevent them.
A successful conclusion to the Davignon Group would also unlock the company statute proposal and be a considerable boost to the internal market.
The results achieved up to now are as follows: economic growth in Georgia is estimated to have reached more than 10 % last year; the Armenian economy has grown for the second year in succession; and even in Azerbaijan, the poor performance recorded in 1996 has been reversed, and more rapid development is expected once production from the offshore oilfields in the Caspian Sea comes on line later this year.
As the Commissioner knows, wrongly used the Stability Pact could be highly deflationary, reduce growth and add to unemployment.
Scientists who are not only competent in veterinary science, but above all scientists from the field of human medicine and also scientists who are known and renowned for cancer research.
Even though there are doubts regarding his guilt, Governor Allen is refusing to order DNA tests.
The Council passed its first resolution at its first reading on 24 July following our coordination meeting, and the Council Presidency has today tried to sell us its allegedly good product, as any good PR man should.
In my opinion we should reflect on whether a  brave new world' is not always better than a timid old one.
It is clear that these attacks are largely pretexts.
For instance, the 5 cent coin, at 21.75 mm, is exactly the same size as the 20 cent coin, which makes things extremely difficult for people with disabilities.
If you, Mr President, had intervened duly and heavily in reprimanding a colleague who so grossly and directly offended another MEP, the incident would probably never have happened.
It is clear that the US is accepting and adopting for itself a double system: legislative protection for its own operations and interests, while at the same time demanding respect from others for the rules of competition and the free market.
You can find instructions on making your own bombs, unlocking doors without keys, producing illegal drugs, other terrorist activities, forging credit cards, hacking into computers without permission, and so on; a whole range of things.
We are not weakening the law; we are merely removing boundaries.
We are not going to lynch the murderers in Bosnia - we are bringing them to trial!
Basically, if we do not start rocking the Americans are going to roll all over us.
In the light of the discussions during the last part-session, and in order to give a clearer general and more detailed overview of what the Commission has done to date in the field of nuclear safety, we recently sent Parliament's Energy Committee and a number of other committees an 'aide-mémoire' setting out in detail the work already done and further plans for the immediate future.
This is all due, with no doubt whatsoever, to the talent, efficiency and intelligence of Mr Fischer, the Foreign Minister, with whom I have been very impressed, and I promise him that, in my new life, when I return to Spain, I will go jogging and eat bananas.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this terrifies me, because at the end of the financial year of the 1999 budget - to refer to a Spanish proverb -  not even the rapporteur is going to recognise her own budget  .
These are profit-making activities and, seen from this perspective, the Commission could therefore at least try to regulate the sector and its working conditions to a certain extent. As Mr Cohn-Bendit very rightly said, if sportspeople take drugs, it is because the competitions require this.
And so today again I'm shown a page and I'm deeply touched by what I see and I feel also, it was clear that beautiful inspiration, that I found in many of the comments and the interactions also, and some of the people are posting blogs and videos and so.
This world that you're going to be talking about tomorrow is going to be completely integrated.
I mean to be able to take off from your home, you'd have to be extremely quiet.
It's time to get ready for it, and help contribute to it, and make it happen.
But I was struck by the fact that America, a country with such a tarnished civil rights record, could be repeating its mistakes so blatantly.
We actually know how to test that statement.
If you know anything about anatomy, that's not a good thing to get cut, and everything, of course, on the way up, and then — I still had my hands up — he pulled it out and went for my neck, and sunk it in up to the hilt in my neck, and I got one straight right punch and knocked the middle guy out.
You know, with the pinks and blues.
WlSER sets out to document, link and empower what Paul calls the largest movement, and fastest-growing movement in human history: humanity's collective immune response to today's threats.
The image reminded me of a cave painting, and echoed how primitive we still are in so many ways.
It is enormously important to me because our children grow in the space between us.
Remember I said that if our TEDxTokyo community represented the world population, 24 of us would have serious mental illness?
And those feelings are a product of the stigma of mental illness and it is this stigma that is the single greatest obstacle to improving the lives of millions of people with mental disorder around the globe.
Actually, I try to stay just fit.
And you can adapt really precisely.
This month is for you I leave you with control over time, the ability to increase the time, to shorten it, it is in your hands
Today I'm going to tell you about how we got from Earth to Mars and why it's so cool.
It's because, without leaving your armchair, you can simulate that flavor and say  yuck  before you make it.
I've come across some other just, kind of, curious relationships of bollards on the street that have different interpretations, but -- these things amuse me.
As many as 30 other parts that selectively make more sense, create more meaning through the kind of  Ah-ha  experiences.
And then thirdly, making them persistent.
It's not because it's trivial.
It doesn't make it undefined.
If they get surrounded, they notice that too, they might get a little flustered.
He's Seung Jo's rival, so we need to analyze him real well and plan something.
Your partner will be decided fairly...
Because this idea that health is internal and atomized and individual and pharmaceutical is largely an error.
Healthy sub-populations of birds, increasing biodiversity generally.
And then you can also text the fish.
Logic is increasingly being used at the interface between Man and Machine, especially in logic-enabled computer systems, where the users can view and edit logical sentences.
But if I were a consultant for your startup, here's all the advice I would give in under 10 minutes.
It's a great feature cause you give us a URL and then we'll perform a crawl as Googlebot, and you can see exactly whether we've been redirected appropriately and exactly what content we download.
And for a while, this - what I'm referring to as the sageless state or the Absolute Awareness - it doesn't seem to be attractive because it doesn't really have a label.
I will use this new capability to position this camera-carrying quad to the appropriate location for filming the remainder of this demonstration.
You see? So you've started beautifully, continue like that and just watch it, watch it. You see?
I think we will start to ration it and re-use things as opposed to just creating a new one.
We have roofers, we have people that do that professionally.
Oh yeah, smoking radioactive, really, really hot stuff.
Generation two and three are still operational, generation 3.5 is what's being built right now and generation four has higher safety standards, easier to build and so cheaper to build better fuel utilization, drastically cheaper energy, even safer reactors.
There's a new reality television program, and it's called the Blue-- I should probably write it in blue-- but it's called the Blue Forehead Room.
We're more confident to experiment, which requires failure, by the way.
I don't know whether you're going to interview the opposing side, e.g. the offiicial adminstration
It would be absurd if we were to engage again in the kind of operations we were engaged in, in Iraq and Afghanistan if we were to suddenly find ourselves in a situation in which we were imposing anything other than a democratic system.
It's like a skydive or getting high
So just like a diver stands on a springboard and then jumps off it to gain momentum, and then does this pirouette, this two and a half somersault through and then gracefully recovers, this robot is basically doing that.
For the patient, anything really stressful before the accident, he's forgotten.
The best tactic for the SU-122-54 is to flank enemy tank destroyers, suddenly appear behind heavy tanks, and face the medium tanks head-on. Its layout hides the hidden power of this tank.
What we did find out, however, was that it was crucially important to model the behavior of these little guys in a way that they stopped being robotic, and started to remotely resemble somebody's head.
Michael Biehn is sergent Rex Power Colt in this year's most thrilling, action packed cyber adventure... island and children sold separately
Here's this part blown up.
To ruin me.
Physicists seriously discussing with a cracked charlatan about his insane theories... ... tolerance which is almost criminal.
It helps us on the psychological level to try keep on going and finding a solution. Because every biological programs runs on all 3 levels psyche, brain and organ simultaneously, constantly.
As soon as a patient is left alone in a hospital bed where hardly anyone is sincerely caring for him the so called refugee conflict becomes active, in this case also named hospital conflict, more water is stored and swellings increase rapidly.
For better understanding, the old names should be abandoned, as they are based on an outdated reference system.
These circumstantial features may comprise everything the organism is able to sense, images, smells, a certain thought one was having in mind at the time, persons, things, sounds, temperature, a single word, etc.
Further below it is claimed that Dr. Hamer considers cancer part of a natural healing process which is entirely opposed to the actual statement of the Third Biological Law.
Eva is tarty and Karin is chic
So you join your partner and get under the covers.
Growth and its evolutionary side-effects, such as happiness and fulfilment, are stimulated when we are not being labeled in our interactions. We may have many different views and disagree with one another in practical terms, but interactions that nevertheless accept us for who we are, without judgment, are neuropsychological catalysts that wire the human brain to acknowledge others and accept rationally verified belief systems without dissonance. Stimulating this type of neural activity and interaction alleviates the need for distraction or entertainment and creates cycles of constructive behavior in our environment.
Specifically, we use these six design directives, probably the most important being number two: we design with, not for -- in that, when we're doing humanitarian-focused design, it's not about designing for clients anymore.
I'm thinking,  This is a kid I want to probably develop a T.V. show for.   &gt;&gt; Do you want to be a movie star?
Anyway, I got to go because your girlfriend just decided she looks pretty good in vintage dress, and I gotta turn that around quick before she stops taking the Ambien/Prozac cocktail I gave her, and then she'll stop shopping continuously in order to fill the void created by self-hatred, created by me.
Esther made her placemat process this morning, and she only put a few things on her side of the placemat everything else she put on the Universe's side of the placemat, she loves delegating and releasing to the Universe.
Your classmates will motivate and support you in mastering the material, and you'll be able to help them out in return.
Trigger-pullers go this way.
That means we can precisely engineer the molecules in the fuel chain and optimize them along the way.
It really characterizes the sparse dependence that exists in many readable problems like in robotics and computer vision and filtering and diagnostics and so on.
- relax, enjoy ourselves. - Okay. Deal with that shit when you get home.
Your sons, if they had to farm like you did, do you think they would do it now?
Advance party is clearing, Chevchenko is hanging back.
Instead of using violence Veronica gets really creative and clever with the way that she solves her cases.
But the OSCE, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, must have known, because their observers have meticulously reported the events in Kosovo.
Breaking into top-secret government computer systems and copying files?
They kidnap people.
So imagine running a factory where you've got these workers, some of them just making crap and the management is told,  Hey, you can only come down here once a year, but you need to let us know, because we might actually fool you, and try and do a good job in that one brief moment.
looking for told the constable two people i think that they're sometime this afternoon the custom of silence allow hole about it was a little too quick when we got away so effective in that house easter like how the parking lot in vegas an overpass a cop rachna backing out there because you made a break right we'll never get them skis salamander but ticket we shall doing surely won't aol about her mac yet bigot aapan free isaac unjustified donate had begun placed are suffering place upside-down dot is that a lot donatelli still myself gentlemen someday i'm gonna stick up ten and one of the stuff head out that my have you believe damages and just a moment chair accountants will give us the concluding part of our program remember the old iron bridge usa span the river in your hometown and the sign printed on the bridge read by a dollars feinberg driving faster than a wallop how times have changed nowadays we say april bradley cracked his spine or any kind of driving fast also about friends as putting it mildly the rest of the story of the rio grande the crack is the gasoline that goes in the time to the cause the crackdown the enemies of society and catch them not only does this by normal if you will power more police cars and more fire engines and differences in other life-and-death automotive equipment wherever it is sold in any other brand but we'll run decrypted the gasoline upon which preponderance of california state and federal government official depend to speed their emergency cars on the air waves more swiftly surely and economic are you one of the tens of thousands of motorists benefiting by this brief gasoline if not be up to date if rick it will cost us in this movie long-run got rio grande a cracked and enjoy the police car performance of this the most highly-acclaimed gasoline in the west annul sheriff champs recaptured man was howard l you have not been movement glycol caramel love his type eternal when cornered brought to my office not only confessed his california activities to me what bragged about his many criminal escapades he was tried separately for all his crimes committed in southern california now serving six separate sentences and also present is is another life of crime of those failed to pay thank you for your campus managers on the corner all cars national guard again to go against two hundred billion and regarding haldeman kidnapping bed his vision of investing national blooming dan the reader patrick glynn sleeping at night ovey all part of a copywriter program created by rio grande valley was unwinnable cardinal garden road getting two hundred morning deep blue and and sunset you know him mezzo windmill really are a few days and we don't celebrate the one hundred and thick effective anniversary of the signing of the declaration of independence and you know prem varma famous wait longer before is to visit some section of this great country of ours never seen before reforms of accident and the mother happen if the being one of these can be avoided by couple driving another bike up when he was a fire working on the other by giving you a moment of reflection in the was thirty real new motorola this great lubricant manufactured in the country's largest refinery and so may that it cannot break down under the pressure published during hot weather friend if you've been experimenting with wishy washy oiled up to remove a dollop of these properties and declare your independence right now and before you head up miniclip roll into the red and white male member station in your neighborhood and declare your allegiance jewelry aloo the newest standby miserable royal in the last the story really here tonight has been taken from the file of the los angeles police department we have therefore us chief of police gameday davis to open our program all the people who come to hollywood break into the movie is wouldn't there'd be a lot more happen is all around it has always been a mystery to me how anyone in his right mind will allow himself to be sold so completely by spurious producer that he will fight with his hard-earned money and they have a whole that he will someday be a big shot in the movies one of the most constantly recurring problems the police have to deal with is that of some unsuspecting person
The boss has trouble hearing, so the employee has to step up quite close to him.
Title: America declares bankruptcy March 3rd 2016
Now, we anted up pretty good.
And there, the basic idea is that compassion leads you to do good things for people who then will return the favor.
So in addition to trying to survive, the tributes are performing and acting as a way to gain sympathy and gifts from sponsors.
Here, thousands of users make music available,which everyone can download to their computer.
I think if we want to evolve our organizations today, one of the key thing we need to look at is how the organizational operating system can be upgraded to something powered by tension processing, where any tension sensed by anyone, anywhere in the company has some place to go to get rapidly and reliably processed in a meaningful change.
If we can put in place these concrete, clear, disciplined structues and systems, within an overarching more organic organizational structure, we give our organization a capacity for evolution: new potential that most organizations today don't really have.
They are on strike for several days now.
In a period of unprecedented population growth and increased food demands, this could prove disastrous.
We can flirt later, Dr. Akagi; right now we have important work to do.
But you have a kind of a set point there, which would be in the middle.
There was one person in the group that was supposed to have very high performance that was actually performing terribly.
Alan Horsager at USC, and being sought to be commercialized by a start-up company Eos Neuroscience, which is funded by the NlH.
They think this game is unfair.
And I just want to end by suggesting a few ways in which these principles could fan out into the world.
See how you walk like a normal person, straight, not like a baby stroller daughters, one of the most difficult when physically ill mother in hospital honored God take care of her to get her eyebrows, put on her makeup
And he starts infiltrating other tissue, so he's invasive.
But I was totally unprepared for how much there was and how spectacular it was.
We've got two sequels to a film that was adapted from an animated TV show based on a line of toys.
No good just hiring employees, you also have to hire other employees to manage those employees and to enforce the goals of the institution and so forth.
I want to share a few keys on how you can do that to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is engaging.
They want Buck Rogers, they don't want effective.
So I'm going to leave, and it's fascinating. Just to give you a sense of things, here's the map.
I wanted to be, as I later thought of it, empathic, which is to say, to feel what they wanted to say and to be an agent of their self-revelation.
So that's the new Twitter.com which we'll be rolling out to everyone over the course of a few weeks. So stay tuned.
Make a huge change Do not you realize how refined
But the problem with relying on rules and incentives is that they demoralize professional activity, and they demoralize professional activity in two senses.
Now this film isn't really hard enough, so I wanted to make it a little bit harder.
It's good not to share just listings or purely sales-oriented content that can bombard other users  feeds.
And it controls how big a step we take when updating my parameter theta J. And this second term here is the derivative term.
So this might seem a little bit bizarre to you right now, and
And that's where we got zesty pickles. Then the next person came to him:
But when the cattle become weary and grow faint, the bones in their tales are broken in an effort to get them back up on their feet. This is done by repeatedly pinching the tail in several areas.
It is a place where each new voyage of exploration brings back new discoveries of creatures so wondrous and strange that our forefathers would have considered them monstrous indeed.
I heard you way out in the kitchen.
And it was purposely done to look fairly serious.
The tricky part in designing it was figuring out how to take something mysterious, human attraction, and break it into components that a computer can work with.
So, for instance, there's a doctor in Africa that's found that if you give a mother antiretroviral drugs at 24 weeks, when she's pregnant, that the baby will not have HlV when it's born.
But I think business leaders can bring their entrepreneurial know-how and help governments approach things slightly differently.
I just couldn't believe the poetry of all of it -- these souls all on their own desert island, sending electronic messages in bottles to each other.
One is about complementary probability.
So if this spring is stationary when I apply this 5-Newton force, that means that there must be another equal and opposite force that's positive 5 Newtons, right?
You lack motivation and drive.
And that allows me to check my timer discretely, here, without bending my elbow.
(Applause.) To all the moms who are here today, you could not ask for a better Mother's Day gift than to see all of these folks graduate.
But this is one of those very rare moments when we have to choose whether we're just pedaling furiously to get back to where we were a year or two ago, and a very narrow idea of what the economy is for, or whether this is a moment to jump ahead, to reboot and to do some of the things we probably should have been doing anyway.
Nelson, stop.
I can now even, I can now even skate, in flip-flops. Perform every trick, and as I comfortably, casually with my ten toes kick ten footbags -bags, because now I know ten-finger typing.
Hootsuite's Bulk Upload feature lets you schedule up to 350 posts in advance, giving you the ability to plan what you want to publish, freeing up time that can spent engaging with your followers.
They're a bit subversive in what they do.
Why do people spend an average of 15 to 30 percent more when they use an ATM card or a credit card as opposed to cash?
The medics amongst you, if there are any, will recognize the first two, but there will be nobody else here that understands all those four words.
Just the same 12-year-old little boy-man-girl, except I'm not wearing a sports bra.
But in the Test they found out fast things like - to narrow seats to short armrests and too long - and ofte not adjustable foot rests for lots of children the baby trollers are zu big or to small and often uncomfortable. inconvenient can be the handling, the first montage and be the folding for the transport in car.
That's preposterous!
I see this, and I'm sure scared -- I swear on stage -- shitless about blogs, because this is not something that's friendly.
Now, to close, we heard a couple of days ago about the value of making individual heroism so commonplace that it becomes banal or routine.
And if you find yourself at a loss for words, or for things to talk back to it, think of what I would say. Think what your therapist would say, or what your best friend would say if they heard someone talking to you the way your eating disorder is talking to you, that can be really helpful.
When you meet them, they lock into you, they look you in the eye, they invade your personal space, they massage the back of your head.
What is vital in one is not right for the other.
So perhaps, before SWAT team arrives and, you can accept my invitation to my SUV, we, we drink, we talk, huh?
So just to follow up why do you say that evolution is mysterious?
You can also toggle between altitude for model and manufacturer.
How far way out- how far out you want to live- will be determined by your value system, and your lifestyle.
An identity was defined primarily by religion.
And the great thing with that is the fact that we can calibrate each one to be very, very specific to its location, to the angle of the sun, and also how the thing actually curls.
The monkeys have sex and then they make more monkeys
And when I met Harriet in person the next year at the TED Conference, she'd gone online and ordered our own happy Haplotype T-shirts.
BlueTooth, WiFi available -- beams back images to your eye.
The CPU could do the four fundamental functions of arithmetic -- so addition, multiplication, subtraction, division -- which already is a bit of a feat in metal, but it could also do something that a computer does and a calculator doesn't: this machine could look at its own internal memory and make a decision.
Something so complicated like a cloud, so unstable, so varying, should have a simple rule behind it.
When I play one of my own tracks and see the dance floor go crazy... it's so fulfilling.
He was, according to Brian the Scientologist, making up for lost time, which I know sounds ominous, but isn't necessarily ominous.
With this trick, your enemy won't be able to aim at your weak spots accurately and fire at your vertical armor gaps.
A great thinker, I recommend him, who said:
I don't think so.
And on the surface, this seems like a reasonable idea -- just a program that does one specialized task -- after all, we can put an electric motor in a blender, and we can install a motor in a dishwasher, and we don't worry if it's still possible to run a dishwashing program in a blender.
You can access app plugins from any Twitter or Facebook post in HootSuite.
You can read, edit, and search your notes later in the dashboard using Evernote's app stream, or even send a note to your social networks!
And tell me how it was!
Beneath it were the words:
I'm not even sure I can call them singers in this song, because it seems more like growling and yelling.
So sehen Rebellinnen heute aus:
This is not like human insulin; this is the same protein that is chemically indistinguishable from what comes out of your pancreas.
You have to say,  Sam dined,  not,  Sam dined the pizza.
Well, obviously, there's something in here, and you can all have a guess as to what it is.
Thank you.
Yes. I like this song.
And one of my favorite cities is Tbilisi, the capital city of Georgia; great people, the Georgians.
Mr. President, could you address, because we did finally get to gas prices here, could you address what the governor said, which is if your energy policy was working, the price of gasoline would not be $4 a gallon here.
To be eaten by cannibals, to be battered by storms, to starve to death before reaching land.
I really owe a short introduction of this man to you.
I call this  groundswell collaborative consumption.
When the idea comes up for a new union campaign, say at a shark employer like some dispatch labor agency, a member would go there, sign-up and begin working to launch a union.
In fact, this week is my  Core Week .
And then users can set up their own personal watch list.
2. A clear vision of what you're working towards.
And you can see that lots of other people liked it, too, because they made all these spin-offs of it, right?
So in effect, even after you've taken transmission loss into account and everything, even using the same source fuel, you're at least twice as better off charging an electric car, then burning it at the power plant.
But there is one teeny little problem
On the contrary, they'll demonstrate that atheists are often the kinds of people who could serve as decent role models for your children, the kinds of people an advertising agent could use to recommend a product, the kinds of people who are sitting in this room.
exchanging natural relations for unnatural ones,  and of men abandoning  natural relations with women and committing shameful acts with other men.  And so according to the traditional interpretation, both the Old and the New Testament are consistent in their rejection of same-sex relationships.
In each chapter, you can see the external forces of governance, power and territory or religion colliding with the internal forces of psychological and physical inheritance.
And it's quite clear that, in order to make minds, we need to construct neural maps.
Forty-eight states opted in, creating a national [education] policy from the bottom up.
They were angry about school, they were angry about home, they were angry that this kid was walking here and thought he was cool, and so they beat him up.
Leaders need to connect to each other and to their followers, and they need to bring them along on what is an often arduous journey into a peaceful future.
A situation like this can only be the result of a psychosis of individuals with power in society.
I said  I'm not ready, I'll pay,  which meant I [could] have zero responsibility. [laughter]
At the same time, masses of women were entering the workforce, and cooking simply wasn't important enough for men to share the burden.
These leaders have proven that nonviolence works in places like Budrus.
And therefore, they are, as a result, more cosmopolitan in many ways than the West.
And so, the dream is that we could have a world in which anyone who has anything bad happen to them of this sort has a chance of getting their story uploaded, being seen, being watched, that they really know that they can be heard, that there would be a giant website, maybe, a little like Google Earth, and you could fly over and find out the realities of what's going, for the world's inhabitants.
Well, yeah, you know why? - Tell me why.
Who are looking for straying cats and grill them with a magnifier
The parameters of single-engine monoplanes depend on the nation.
You have these states, you can call them.
Lunge can be used a second time to dash again to the same or a different enemy before going on cooldown.
Listen to these titles of some of the bestselling books from both sides of the political divide here in the U.S.
Are you established, traditional, nurturing, protective, empathetic like the Oprah?
Anon, good nurse!--Sweet Montague, be true.
And Legadema?
And then they can track them, and at the end of the day, they look and see, did these guys get every single street, every single house.
Do you think this sort of thing could really attract a student to the school?
- We dont know whats thats supposed to be: C9H13N... offvoice:
Madame Draupadi, on n'est pas feministe, mais ça?
(Laughter) (Applause)
And that ends with a little clip of my father, of Lou, talking about something that is very dear to him, which is the accidents of life.
The offices are right up here on the 9th floor.
We flew up to San Francisco spent Wednesday afternoon meeting investment firms in San Francisco
Have fun with that.
All these things give me hope, but what gives me the most hope is not the actions of us, not the actions of leaders - it is the people that I've seen.
The pack ice is always drifting.
Fast, clean, with only a fraction of the energy usage we use today for the same means.
So I'm not the first to figure this out.
Somebody was smart and put a Bic pen in my neck to open up my airway, so I could get some air in there.
They had to give it also in the U.S. to get approval, so I think there were three U.S. patients in upstate New York who were part of the trial.
Looks like a stalemate.
Nate:
There's only one thing to do,  I said.
When it comes time to sheetrock, if you use EcoRock it's about a quarter of the embodied energy of standard sheetrock.
(Applause)
It was plain to see that your life was lost
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that I would do so and I would be able to take care of my attending's patients without even having to contact him.
But do they call me MacGregor the pier builder?
What do you wanna do for dinner?
So here I'll do a slightly different ray that intersects the parabolic mirror right over there
And it means that people like many of us, who have run organizations, and gone out of our way to try to find the very best people we can, mostly fail to get the best out of them.
For some people, we just eliminated that.
How many people are actually going to receive that letter? Well, what's 10 to the sixth power? 10 to the sixth is equal to 1 with six zeroes, which is 1 million people are going to receive that letter in just 6 weeks, just sending out 10 letters each.
I level up my druid when I'm playin' World of Warcraft
I woke up from a month-long coma, following a double lung transplant.
But you can't even expand more, no, because Chinese Sina Weibo, when it was founded was exactly one month after the official blocking of Twitter.com.
The point that I would like to ask you to try to do, is just in 30 seconds -- and I know this is in a sense an impossible task -- write down what you think is probably some of the top priorities.
It's very, very unlikely.
And torture's a terrible enough thing as it is, but when it's done by your hero, that just breaks you in so many ways.
But once you fractionate happiness the way I do -- not just positive emotion, that's not nearly enough -- there's flow in life, and there's meaning in life.
It's important for the public to see how it all works too.
He stopped drinking, went to church with his grandmother, and he fought what he believed were immoral homosexual urges which eventually led to his inescapable fantasies about murder.
And then what's b squared?
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days.
Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage.
Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment.
Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979.
Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate.
This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack.
They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
When asked for comment, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
"We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level," Hu said.
He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output.
He added that "they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos.
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders.
Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to let the people watch the ceremony.
In many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people.
Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate.
But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a "thorough and complete rewriting" of the Conservative party's environmental bill.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge "a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land.
The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media.
Just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way exert a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles.
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal.
In an interview, he said the new variant was "very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."
Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected.
The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state.
Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few "household names" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone.
He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
The vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day.
Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways.
The U.N. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts.
The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification.
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats.
Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream.
Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back.
"This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one."
Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin.
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: "Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola," he said.
The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia.
Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed.
Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope.
After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures.
The station's web site describes the show as "old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!"
In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio.
The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas.
Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets.
South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak.
It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia.
No immediate reports of damage have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France.
As a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in.
After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich.
Perry stated that he would "return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary.
He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said "[w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."
The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others.
Before The Simpsons Simon had worked on several shows in various positions.
During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team.
Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
Then, Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans.
108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to Baba Shyam.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel.
However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle.
NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen "after the time we are concerned about."
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the Number 1 and 2 reactors at its Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said.
The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading "18" and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating.
Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships.
Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
However, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head.
The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes "journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."
Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment.
Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue.
Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated.
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called "non-serious."
The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report "truly regrettable."
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication.
A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine.
Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."
34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch.
He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago.
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical.
There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company.
The satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
It has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human.
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground.
When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before.
The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species.
Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland.
Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
So, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label.
It was ruled by the "Vichy" French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon".
A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society.
Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events.
Taiwan beginning start way back in 15th century where European sailors passing by record the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared Taiwan as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which rules the island until 1945.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today.
Many common formats (APS family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio.
The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image.
It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny.
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries.
Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation.
After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future.
Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty.
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions.
In fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. Once inside the cave, it is a total isolation.
An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive.
The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open.
Of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic gains of U.S. imperialism.
To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300).
However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies.
In the context of Romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D.
Its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that Crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what Byzantine markets offered.
Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
At the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up.
Such children are called "feral" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment.
When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans.
Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project.
Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion.
No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The distinct characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach.
For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
“Personal involvement” and “continuing relationships” were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites.
The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds.
Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately.
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids.
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you.
Other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out.
By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead.
Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material.
Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
Why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers just incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?
These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun.
This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?
A full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction.
New Kingdom ancient Egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old.
Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications.
Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire.
Sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses.
People now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener.
Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain “one of the guys” (or gals).
This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable.
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face.
Such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems.
The AI ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications.
Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option.
For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day.
Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status.
Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!).
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands.
To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite.
This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture.
The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP).
Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.
According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas.
Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe.
The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called "Manta".
Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away.
Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent.
Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages.
For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected.
Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise.
Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober.
On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round.
Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing.
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled.
It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000.
Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests.
Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain.
If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise.
Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation.
They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them.
Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags.
Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls.
Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as "ski bums," planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location.
It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots.
Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word "Gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people.
You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs.
Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
In remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option.
A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service.
An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
This is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education.
Finland is a great boating destination. The "Land of a thousand lakes" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem.
The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in.
However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!
Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language.
Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is "bien élevé" (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier.
Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men!
Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form.
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better.
However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately.
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting "specimens" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion.
There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around.
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There's a tradition to pass the Easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise.
There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual.
Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos.
This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
Suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles.
Workplace harmony is crucial, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual accomplishments.
Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question.