Product Ref: 92670 Tarpaulin waterproof bag with click closure and adjustable strap.
Speakers on Board There will be time for party and time for smooth music!
Serve, garnishing with the breadcrumbs.
The bathroom includes a hairdryer, towels and toiletries.
Heterosexual marriage is more than just sexual intimacy, and anyone who has been married for any length of time will tell you, sex is the first thing to go when spiritual and emotional intimacy is lost or violated.
People who have never developed symptoms or who have not had symptoms for at least 2 days can end their self-isolation period after 5 days, if they perform a negative result to a molecular test or to a rapid antigen test.
The answer nestles in these children's creations, is the joyous, radiant secret that enable us adults to say, along with the young artists:  Yes!
Then there's Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the Internet Of Things (IOT) - that is, the interconnectivity of all our devices, fuelled by increasingly powerful systems.
All finishers will receive commemorative medal and diploma of the race, which will be able to download it from the race website after posting the official results.
So if you speak good English and have ambitions to pursue a career in a foreign country, Ireland would be the best choice in 2021.
The wide support strip at the bottom of the bra adequately replaces the straps and wires that offer extra support and breast lift.
The role the Customs Service plays in the trade domain, is unquestionably critical not only at a national but also at an international level.
Please send us a message by filling out the form below and we will get back with you shortly.
OE-matching quality: our range of more than 25,000 articles is complemented by the guarantee of every product being to OE specification.
In particular, it aims to provide a) an account of the current difficulties that students face as presented in schools (according to school principals reports), b) a detailed presentation of teachers' good practices though semi-structured interviews with teachers c) an electronic platform with educational material and tools to support teachers based on the results of the survey, and d) a well-organized dissemination process based on collaboration with associations, networks and experts to ensure its long-lasting effects.
Clip the included cup holder to the underframe to always have coffee and other beverages nearby.
reception area: reception area with comfortable sitting, access to computer & wireless internet, large screen TV, safe deposit box corner and library where you can freely borrow books of your field
Pets Your pets are welcome in the campsite at no extra cost, but you must take care of them and keep them from their straps.
Notice the cast wrought iron, which creates the balcony(exostis). Over time: During the Ottoman rule, the building was used for short periods, as the seat of the Greek Consulate.
2018, Addition of an enclosed barbecue area, parking space and landscaping of the surrounding area owned by Bouzani Virginia in Volos.
Use on clean, fresh skin in sufficient quantity on face and neck, gently massaging for 2-3 minutes, avoiding the eye area.
From the list of hotels that appears, you will need to choose the appropriate option.
The play features a delightful and quite humorous dramatization of the famous philosopher's defence and his rebuttals to a guilty verdict and sentence to death.
When you enter the cafe that the hotel houses, in order to get your room key, you will definitely feel the heat wave the fireplace offers from the edge of the place and behind the bar you will see Mrs Maria and her husband George making coffees for the customers with joy.
The small construction depth and the slender profile sight lines offer the best advantages for renovations.
Corner 150 sqm duplex in Lycabettus hill with a stunning view of Athens.
It is partially furnished, built in 1950 and has beautiful mountain views, several outdoor parking spaces, energy class H, stone-with-tarpaulin floors.
A documentary that deals with the ideas of insularity, mobility and timeless human presence in the Aegean
It suggests a watershed moment for us and the starting point of exploring additional possibilities, so as to welcome new people in our team, host more talent and passion to better serve our mission, that is to offer excellent services and entertainment products.
A stunning pocket for you to move comfortably while doing business, strolling or shopping!
Quick sketch exercises in smaller sizes, which extend to nature studies outdoors, with the aim of using sketching as a method of practicing drawing, as a preparatory tool for larger studies, as a final autonomous project, as well as a tool for solving artistic problems.
Cover with olive oil and stir the contents of the bowl and let marinade for 3 weeks.
Try the following tips: • Painkillers or a warm bath can help ease pain or stiffness before going to bed.
Working these days for a channel is really important, not only concerning the work you've been doing over there but also what you've been offering to the public watching you.
Fashion tip: Rather than seeing only two options —trendy (and accepted) or out-of-style (and rejected) —consider a third option: self-confident and secure.
What happens if the budgerigar eats onions?
They are furnished in soft purple tones and a kitchen with 2 hotplates, a mini fridge and a dining area Additional Info
With this work he helped to develop a distinct poetic tradition in English language in his homeland, which until then was expressed in Gaelic; he was established as the  national bard  of Ireland.
If your script is intended to work on an image being edited, you'll want to insert it in the image window menu.
If the sandals have embellishments, wear them with care – don't wear your embellished sandals while riding your bike, or walking in the sand etc
Pagkrati area is known for its easy accessibility to the city center, (currently served by Evangelismos metro station).
It has a special stremlined design and glass for the visual inspection of the filters.
Here, we must carefully insert a thin straight screwdriver right between each clip and the top of the roof and move the plastic cover of the clip down.
When the mother went to pick up her child from school in the afternoon, she found her son in a state of shock.
The product is suitable for those who want to create a matte, medium opacity make-up.
The best moment to put on an impressive pair of earrings or an expensive necklace is when you will not feel so great.
Though the dollar came under the gold standard de jure only after 1900, the bimetallic era was ended de facto when the Coinage Act of 1873 suspended the minting of the standard silver dollar of 412.5 grains (26.73 g = 0.8595 oz t), the only fully legal tender coin that individuals could convert bullion into in unlimited (or Free silver) quantities,[a] and right at the onset of the silver rush from the Comstock Lode in the 1870s.
Works such as the suburban railway connection with the new international airport or the coastal tram of Athens, were built only with insistence of the International Olympic Committee, while commercial centres that functioned… 18 months after the Olympic Games were legally shielded with special deviations, long before.
The question is, should your business invest its resources in an internal versus external team? Pros The advantages of in-house marketing include: Brand familiarity When you have an internal marketing team, they know your brand, which informs all their marketing decisions and materials.
Highlight your curves, with a one-piece swimsuit with a strong neckline or a bikini with an impressive top and light colours.
You'll also spend less time cleaning with a machine that provides all the performance of dust pick up that most would expect to be achieved by only larger vacuum cleaners. You can effortlessly adjust the motor speed to meet your specific cleaning task, and with handy on-board accessories, easy manoeuvrability and a dust bag full indicator showing you when to change the bag, cleaning could not be made easier.
Actually, I have the feeling that this album is better than the last couple of albums or so.
Practically, amber floats in salt water.
Almost everyone has a blaze style like  another death in the family, okay, shall we go for a drink?
Amazing bouquet of 30 roses Ukrainian Classic: 15 red and 15 pink, foliage.
The Suite includes Jacuzzi, dining room, balcony and beauty accessories
From handmade embroidery, coins, tassels, checkers, to entire earrings and Hindi fabrics!
Denim jacket for a girl.
They may say to you that you have a spell or a curse on you (and they may be right) but they will ask for thousands of dollars to break it.
Cozy waiting room to enjoy your coffee, watch TV or read a magazine while waiting for your appointment or for the patient you accompany
In cup, combine cold water and gelatin; set aside 5 minutes to soften gelatin.
It is all those that led the country to bankruptcy and offered it to the memoranda of the money-lenders, while the most active in the sabotage appear to be the leaders of the self proclaimed anti-imperialist  resistance .
Now the connector will be permanently on the charging port of your mobile phone and all you have to do from now on is to approach the other end of the cable near it so that with its special magnetic pole you can connect it exactly where it should!
Christos Alaveras has used charcoal with great skilfulness exhausting all the paper at his disposal. He managed to indicate forms keeping at the same time the balance between full and empty, black and white, form and line.
The book in your hands is an artistic testament to a landmark year for humanity.
An Emergency Health Care Kit is to be found at the reception (infrared thermometer, germicidal disinfectant/wipes for surface, sanitiser gel, face masks, disposable gloves, disposable protective apron, disposable waste bag), as well as information about doctors and hospitals.
I want to continue training and playing with my team till the end of the season and not give up.
Add some acid-free tissue paper lining if your bags are a little older and use some lavender or cedar blocks to keep away any bugs.
The military junta had previously issued a warrant for his arrest on 13 February 2021 over his posts on social media, which were critical of the junta's military coup that took place just days prior.
The veranda of each studio will be the best place to relax and drink a glass of wine overlooking some of the best sunsets.
Summer movie theatres wait for you every night with movies for all tastes.
Easily get started with a debit/credit card or e-wallet.
Boat excursion to Santorini
It is directly fixed on the glass curtain wall without changing the building structure.
Critically examine how news reporting in various parts of the world is shaped by their different cultural, political and economic contexts and media environments
If the hornet nevertheless stung, the first step is to immediately treat the wound.
Nees Morfes activities spanned quite a wide range of art related events, including the organization of solo and group exhibitions of established and younger artists, both at the gallery's premises and other exhibition centres.
Etagere with cabinet and organisational spaces.
Fresh lemon juice, as well as a small amount of organic natural vinegar, completes the tasting palette of the Unsalted Kalamata olives.
It came in two variants: the navy with the black beard and the dark cloak and the one with the white beard and the yellow beard.
See for yourselves, hear many more stories and drink the best coffee in Hasankeyf.
From orange blush and coral lipstick to yellow and turquoise eyeshadows.
Fixing your vision on objects for a long period of time can result in tired eyes, whether you're working under the bonnet of your car or on wood work you have probably experienced eye fatigue.
The port, main bus and taxi stations are 500 metres away, allowing easy access to the archaeological sites of Rhodes, such as the medieval Old Town or the Mandraki harbour.
Our culture of inclusivity, entrepreneurship and teamwork empowers our 34,000 employees.
The two storey building where she found the perfect shelter makes up an alternative hosting proposal for the bride-to-be.
On this early morning hike we leave foot and hoof prints embedded in cobbled mule-tracks or footpaths through apple orchards and chestnut forests to descend into a deep densely forested valley where, in springtime, two tumbling rivers form cascading waterfalls which fill impressive rock pools set in peaceful glens with enormous boulders carpeted in green moss.
When you come across an enemy, jump out of the shoe and stomp them to earn more coins!
Massif floors provide very good acoustic insulation, thermal insulation, stability in the exchange of weather conditions, long lifespan, as well as the ability to 'dress' staircases for absolute uniformity.
The texture will be a bit different, and you'd want to take into account the sweetness of the fruit.
Kids bookcase with storage space for books and storage boxes and crown-shaped cabinet, in the colour of your choice!
We want and can always provide an excellent result in machine rectification.
Savvy kidnappers will dispose of phones or other devices (implantable tracking chips are, so far, the stuff of spy movies only).
This year the festival will last for 5 days and will be divided into 2 parts.
A unique in its genre educational initiative has been hosting under its umbrella universities, institutes, museums, cultural and educational foundations, non-profit bodies, NGOs, bringing forward experiential and innovative activities for children and families.
To use – For narrow fans simply slide your tweezers into a small portion (about half a millimeter) of lashes and pick them up off the strip just above the tape strip.
It's also a great way of adding a bit of fun and personality.
We provide standard commercial escalator safety features including comb plate impact device switches and emergency stop buttons for passengers.
Apply by roller or brush one coat without dilution and without primer.
It can be used in many dishes: in a salad, as a meze served with wine, in a main dish or as a side dish, or even in desserts.
Closets need to be put in, freshening of the house's paint, correction of the kitchen cabinets and a radiator for anyone who wants it.
Variety Bostilidi, the new white diva of the Ionian with the soft, sweet and exuberant character.
The inclined brush helps with animals of various sizes.
Apply a generous amount of Moroccanoil® Curl Control Mousse 150 ml to clean, towel-dried hair.
Gorgeous handmade wedding stefana crowns. A sliver band with clear crystals wrapped with a second delicate textured gold band.
Slightly fold the dough to the outside of the pan and trim the excess pieces.
In the comments field, please mention that this is a replacement together with the number of the retail receipt, which you had received for your original order
Set of 3 pcs towels, bath, face and hand towel, made of terry fabric,pennie, 100% cotton,solid,with lace.
Asian and African army ants live much less, but they are known for their other records.
The practical hood helps keep heat in after a nice bath while keeping the towel in place when the child moves or runs around.
The panorama of South Evia's sea, the spectacular beaches and the group of Petali islands embraces the luxurious shelter that is inspired from the elements of Greek nature.
When it's time to go to sleep, place their bags in the luggage cart and roll it onto the kid-powered elevator to bring them to their rooms.
After the show, I went to Dick Edwards Bar for a while and then home to my apartment.
- The chef of the hotel Orfeas may also prepare for you any international menu you wish of your own choice!-
So far, the debut took place in India.
cement admixtures: liquid mix = 2:1 Applied by brush 20 minutes prior to applying new concrete or screed
Wedding set crystal carafe and glass decorated with elegant satin bows and mocha-gold cotton lace quantity
Add the sautéed vegetables, cinnamon stick, bay leaves, cumin and tomato paste.
A big congratulations to the Group of Leaves that once again completed its mission!
Our flat wiper blades offer the perfect tailored fit to a vehicle's windscreen, so drivers and passengers enjoy optimum safety and efficiency.
Democracy - a rather complex puzzle in which you have to go through all the stages of the election to become president.
We know very well that European social democracy is most convincing only when talking not only about production and competitiveness, but also about cohesion and redistribution.
They had learnt from their christian friends that mothers of sick children used to go to the church and pray to Virgin Mary in favour of their sick children; they also lit candles at the height of the ill child.
But in this case, I noticed that the screw sold with the knob was way longer in relation to the thickness of the lid of the box.
Both gradient and polarized lenses reduce eye strain, but in different ways.
Work flexibility and freedom from ties to family duty and hierarchical institutions promised by the corporate-counterculture that reached its zenith in the 1990s has turned out to mean increased precarity and a race to the bottom in living standards.
Give them a word of encouragement.
If you notice anything, (frayed cable, expired bulb etc) please contact a Studio Assistant or the Technician in the Production Floor area.
The soup prepared from boiled bones and meat is the main dish of the dinner that follows and all those who helped are invited.
Help them load the hay bales into the barn loft with some help from the winch.
An impression mat for making bark effect icing, taken from a real tree for the ultimate in realism!
Players must complete each track in a row without bypass.
This function, if the mechanical/electrical handbrake is released, holds the brake for a couple of seconds while the driver is switching his leg to the gas pedal, so the car would not go down the slope.
The beach of Platis Gialos is the most cosmopolitan beach of the island.
Construction of 2005 with several meters projection screen (glazing).
If you decide to give more than two days off to your team then the gradual reintegration will definitely need to concerne you.
She considers that strangers set a trap for him in the underground garage of the apartment building where they lived him and abducted him.
There are two 2 bedroom apartments on the ground floor that include a fully equipped kitchen (with fridge, toaster, electric rings, oven, coffee maker, kettle, etc.) and two en suite bathrooms with shower and W.C. Each bedroom includes a double and a single bed.
Ice fountain Crushed ice applied after each heat treatment brings pure refreshment
We cross the whole field (in an easterly direction).
Its lethality is about 6% worldwide, and ticks possessing such a toxin are also found in Eurasia, although it is mainly livestock that suffers from them, and signs of it are rarely detected in people in Europe and most of Russia.
I saw them in central streets of Thessaloniki, in Kolonaki, in tiny boutiques in Mykonos, in Santorini, in Milos, and I grew with pride because I knew they were weaved in my hometown.
The first buses bound for Peiraios 260 departed on Wednesday, June 16, for Peiraios 260.
But why is pepper such a special spice with properties that would be envied by herbs?
It is a bioclimatic pergola and is an innovative system made entirely of aluminum with rotating blinds which provides protection from sunlight...
This has the effect of passing through the light and the colors of the natural environment, giving it a look of chameleon!
Among them, the dress of Lady Frosyni, the purse of Lady Vasiliki, the flintlock of Ali Pasha, the banner-flag from Epirus, the sword of Zachomilios, the pipe of Athanasios Tsakalof, the plate with an inscription hand-written by Markos Botsaris.
In it, you can not only change the quality of the mature teen hunk sex clips right during the show but also change its speed if a certain moment seems boring to you, this is an incredibly useful function.
There is no indication of copyright status in the file itself.
The  public version  module is commonly used in the market, resulting in the lamp and the module The mask is severely mismatched.
During winter months, you might also find him skiing either in Greece or abroad.
They will calmly climb onto the ceiling and start jumping on you from above.
The disappearance of the cashier in the municipality of Artemida- Spata resembles to a thriller movie.
At their Farm they offer refreshments, coffee, snacks and traditional products.
Every woman has her own style in clothes, accessories and shoes and she gets inspired from many sources, like fashion magazines, surfing the...
The horn is activated using the button on the left handlebar.
The holder has elements stabilizing the phone on the arms and on the part of the handle adjacent to the back of the device.
Acquaintance with native plants of the Mediterranean flora with significant botanical and phytotherapeutic value.
We had to leave our car at the village entrance – no cars are allowed into the village – and ambled along the cobbled path leading to the square, passing lovingly restored mansions and houses.
Handmade earrings with gold chain made of natural marble stones, in gold-red shade. Handmade jewelry made of silver and semi-precious stones. Inspired by Angelina.
Typically, a minimum of 10 sessions is required for substantial benefit to be achieved.
For shutters with big height and large diameter, there is a unique system of mobile shaft with mobile flag, which allows vertical shutter mode.
Accordingly, if the car owner pours diluted gasoline into the tank, but the percentage of losses may increase.
Autonomous heating, internal fireplace, barbecue and is 30 meters from the sea with large yard and large balcony
Modular design for versatility & adaptability: This modular design reclining sectional corner sofa has 5pcs.
In the second quarter, PAOK maintained the lead, finding solutions in the offense thanks to Vangelis Margaritis and Linos Chrysikopoulos, however, Olympiacos ran a partial 7-0 in the last two minutes and closed the first half leading by 2 (36-34).
Baltic amber komboloi - efhantro in champagne and cognac color with accessories of sterling silver and gold K_9 & K_14.
November 6 – Apartheid: The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning South Africa's racist apartheid policies and calls for all UN member states to cease military and economic relations with the nation.
Speak clearly, minimize the use of jargon, eliminate slang
Colors: 0400 black, 2800 light grey melange
Who is going to reach the end if each time the pawn can be moved 1 or 2 steps ahead?
They washed all the things and put them in bags in the cold, and then they painted everything they could with paint that dries for 3 days.
When the blade is opened, a spring-loaded steel plunger drives the ball bearing forward to wedge between a ramp on the blade and an 'anvil' in the handle's steel insert.
The celebration continues on the main square of Messolonhgi, where all groups give dance shows, until the burning of King Carnival and the throwing of the fireworks.
Predictably, in Greece, anti-Turkish chauvinism is being whipped up by nationalists of every stripe.
True, your dad and mom may look at things from a different perspective.
Lenin explained that imperialism is a stage of capitalism in which monopolies and finance capital have become dominant and the world has been divided by a handful of rival capitalist powers.
During the rest of the day, they shared activities such as Christmas crafts, ping pong tournament and music playing.
When fitting a new tyre on a rim requiring a tube, a new tube should be fitted at the same time.
The situation changed again, as it would change again and again during the game. Printezis was there for a 10-13 (7'10''), while Ukic, Dimitris Diamantidis and Mike Bramos combined for 17-13 (8'45'').
This can be helped by focusing on the warm up each session which assists in the transition between your busy daily life and the job of being in a choir.
In order to visualise the scarf effect, we cut a  silk  factory tie, to view whats is really inside such a tie
According to the size of the ravioli apply an equivalent portion of the filling.
The experience was very convincing, so much in fact that it disorientated me in the middle of the battle and later I found the next missile with my name on it.
The reference of dosage is also seen on each A side, being attributed by using horizontal lines, an element that enhances the direct visual understanding of the content, without necessarily having the cliché descriptive symbol of a syringe.
We did an American tour and then ended up joining the band in 2002 or 2003.
The cap for the tank for the mentioned fluid, depending on the vehicle type is either in the bunker below the spare wheel, on the side of the bunker or next to the fuel tank.
Yes, the director is in charge, but the final result depends on every single individual in the choir.
Join our live porn cams for free and enjoy hot adult sex and live XXX shows!
It's six o'clock on a Friday night, and 17-year-old Jim is dashing toward the front door.
Diode solenoid valve at rest closed zero pressure natural flow, direct actuation piston.
The traditional Sunday bazaar attracts tourists.
You can consume oat bran with milk at breakfast or with some vegetable beverage (eg almond milk, walnut, rice, etc.).
Children's set of 2 pieces for boys which consists of a blouse with a short sleeve in a white tint and an impressive design on the front and shorts trousers in the color of mint with a matching design.
Please do not  forget  the light in the room where you are not and the chargers in the socket when you do not use them.
when it is the outcome of a cartel and / or
DUCK: Synthetic Coated Camouflage (marsh).
From Athens or Thessaloniki with direction to Leanokladi you continue with the Suburban railway until Stylida.
In 2004 renovating works of the Agios Georgios's church started and the hopes that the bell with the golden bullet would be found were reanimated.
There are games that are held true running dinosaurs - to manage one of the participants of the race and bring it to the finish line first.
A normal key's weight is often from 1200 to 1500 grams!
Arms are removable as well to fit the stylized cape on the figure, and then can be reassembled by popping them back in to the figure - Included collectable art card with figure photography on the front, and character biography on the back
Their elegant off-white and beige color is the perfect canvas for highlighting the brand's iconic red-lacquered soles.
History is repeating, then, as a farce and as a nightmare.
Then, he/she will receive a 50% discount coupon, which he/she can use when completing the order.
These days the classic coloration is created from cruelty-free acetate.
Biological evidence were find out by using ground penetrating radar and cadaver dogs.
Graduate of tourism professions school started working as Metr in deferent hotels across the Greek Islands.
Managers must be oriented towards their team and manage it with the best support they can provide: responsibility for the initiatives they take, improving results for the good of the company, training, rewarding and awakening for new innovative ideas.
Obey safety laws when working, riding a bicycle or motorcycle, or driving a car.
This short film is the portrait of a man, emphasizing a specific aspect of himself, that is, his engagement with musical improvisation.
A single bottle may be too small to include all of the above but having experienced its production, my new Olive Blossom scent has a whole new meaning; it will remind me of this amazing trip to Messara every time I use it. FAST FACTS Olive tree is the sacred tree of ancient and modern Greece.
The star of the week, and also the year so far, was undoubtedly the Brazilian real, a favourite of ours, which put in another scorching rally on the back of the peaceful transfer of power to what looks to be a moderate Lula administration.
Silicone based waterproof top coat plaster/render in paste form
There is also the possibility of making a single-leaf sliding screen in which the aluminium frame will cover the entire opening and the sheet half the opening dimension.
This sweet wine ages 17 years in a barrel and 3 years in a bottle creating a demand for it in many countries around the globe.
On the other, the country is ruled by a bureaucratic caste led by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) that oppresses the working class and undermines these gains.
The symptoms vary in severity from fullness and discomfort induced by the ingestion of food or drink to severe, cramp-like abdominal pain.
If the appliance cannot be removed, cover the sharp edge with soft wax, cotton, a gauze pad or even a chewing gum.
Nearby, a neighbor waves a greeting as he digs in a small garden plot. The ground will yield cucumbers, lentils, beans, leeks, chickpeas, and onions.
Ellinogermaniki Agogi visited us and helped in the preparation of pastries for our bazaar.
A presentation of educational activity and the transmission of Greek education to an amalgam of nationalities was presented.
In fact, maintaining an optimal microclimate in a sill is not an easy task, even though it does not seem so at first glance.
It was built together with the tall bell tower in 1795 by the merchant Hatzi-Mantos Ginis.
This is a first-person quest with horror elements that also tells the story of a young girl working as a nanny on Christmas Eve.
An unexpected twist gives Greg a partner for the dance and leaves Rowley the odd man out.
In the wake of the 2008 financial crash, trust is everything.
Their large, oval eyes must be paired in harmony with their coat to be recognized as Persian.
This setting powder has been specifically designed to appear invisible on the skin under the most cutting-edge resolutions in today's media.
Absolute altruism poured forth from the light…. The opposing darkness drew away, towards absolute egotism.
Cook Time: 26 Minutes Yield: 4 servings A flavorful paste of garlic, fennel, rosemary, onion, salt and pepper is spread on both sides of chops before broiling.
The last goodbye will say today everyone who loved Pantelis Pantelidis.
With the tool you are able to view all decors of our Flooring products in either the provided roomshots or even in your own room.
As soon as the first information crossed, Angeliki Nikolouli informed her daughter and sister who were in the studio to go to the spot along with the reporter of the show.
The DPR Korea League is popular inside the country and its games are often televised.[422] The national football team, Chollima, competed in the FIFA World Cup in 2010, when it lost all three matches against Brazil, Portugal and Ivory Coast.[444] Its 1966 appearance was much more successful, seeing a surprise 1–0 victory over Italy and a quarter final loss to Portugal by 3–5.[445] A national team represents the nation in international basketball competitions as well.
(a) What refrain highlights Psalm 107? (b) What are the so-called Hallel Psalms?
Henderson Island is an uninhabited raised coral atoll in the South Pacific Ocean.
The grant is intended to finance, either partially or totally, the costs of implementing the project's proposed activities.
Medicine: short qualification courses in different medical fields including health care management
The industrial prop­ erty adviser will ensure that registration of the sign Is not likely to be refused: in all cases of the creation or transformation of an existing trade mark, care must be taken to ensure that the sign is not already 'taken' by virtue of prior rights in one of the Member States of the European
· at the proprietor's request. A basic renewal fee and class fees for each class of goods or services in excess of four must be paid: these fees are doubled in the case of collective marks.
Supported by the European Commission, FESAT facilitates the ex­change of experiences between professionals and volunteers across the European Union, provides training and seeks to improve service quality.
However, isolated examples of good practice and promising innovation could be identified, includ­ing the forging of links which enable minority com­munity groups to act as gateways to drug services, potentially improving accessibility and helping to profile responses to their members' specific cultures and needs.
With funding from the European Commission, the European Addiction Training Institute in the Neth­erlands offers international training programmes.
In pursuit of this objective, in 1996 a Pe­ruvian drug synd ¡cate was successfully disrupted and collaboration with the Mexican authorities led to the arrest of the head of the Mexican Gulf cartel.
Given the results on the effectiveness of campaigns, it is not surprising that most countries very much intend to continue or increase their use.
Then it would be out with your wallet and down with your cash at the frontier and cash payments at the other end. 6
Here it has encountered some resistance from the Swiss authorities which, while supporting computerisation in principle, have  expressed reservations and asked questions. 7 They went so far as to hand a written critique of the proposal to the Committee's delegation to Geneva and Berne.8
Not only would operators be alerted to frauds much earlier, but, even in the normal course of events, guarantee obligations would be outstanding for much shorter periods of time (probably days rather than an equivalent number of months) and would considerably sweeten the currently extremely bitter pill constituted by outstanding guarantee liabilities.
This relies on previous convictions as the basis of black-listing.
However, four key subjects addressed in this report are essentially political, insofar as, rather than requiring administrative or technical reforms, they require political decision. These span:
For reasons of equity, any amnesty or moratorium would have to be global, and Community-wide.
The Commission should include, as an essential part of its reform package for the transit system, a proposal for writing off outstanding debts where these can be shown to be the result of maladministration.
It is controlled by the mafia and organised crime syndicates.
The general picture described above was completely obliterated when the single Community market entered into force.
This is not necessarily a deliberate action on the part of customs officers, but is. a typical reaction, conscious or otherwise, which is characteristic of the way in which they exercise their duties.
This has directly impacted on the premiums requested by insurance companies for the transit of goods.
As a result, an encoded British channel could purchase the rights to broadcast that event, but nothing could prevent public or private French channels from broadcasting the event in unencoded form.
For example, a train must be able to use another company's network and must not be delayed at a frontier by a difference in gauge. In telecommunications, it must be possible to reach a mobile telephone subscriber from a telephone using a fixed network.
After Chernobyl, in November 1986 came 'ChernoBasle' when the Rhine was polluted with chemicals
But even if the EC had an overall import coverage of 100% or even had a surplus in its trade with all third countries, the bilateral trade relations with Japan should still give rise to a great deal of concern because of the present composition of Japanese exports and the export strategy pursued by the Japanese.
The Heads of State and Government declared the need 'to devote as much energy to efforts in the field of social policy as to the attempts to establish eco nomic and monetary union' and they called on the Commission to draw up proposals for a programme of social action.
Subsequently, the EP discussed the Green Paper and adopted two resolutions on 10 October 1985 which influenced considerably the Commission's draft directive on TV without frontiers.
A survey on environmental pollution carried out in 1982 among EC citizens revealed that the latter considered noise to be the second most serious environmental problem.
In a resolution16 on this subject Parliament called on the Commission to continue its efforts to membership of CITES, to monitor the strict implementation of the Convention by the Member States party to it and to encourage those Member States which were not yet members to become signatories to the Convention.
Portuguese escudo US dollar Canadian dollar Swiss franc Swedish krona Norwegian krone Austrian shilling Finnish markka Japanese yen Australian dollar New Zealand dollar
The exception which the report conceded in the case of ' supremely important purposes ' did not provide researchers with a carte blanche.
Ordained in 1946, he is a minister (protestant) of religion, writer, edita and publisher.
O President oí the French Federation of Catholic Students 1958-1959.
There have also been two deathsof African asylum seekers: one murder in September 1987 (the racist motive has never been established) and another, on 14January 1987, concerning aZairean asylum seeker who was forced to boarda plane backto Zalre under the escortof two police officers, There has never been any plausible evidence to support the authorities'claim that he committed suicide (1e) and human rights associations alleged that he was beaten and then subjected to an overdoseof of tranquilizers.
They speakof bureaucratic obstacles to obtaining permits for building housesand repairing their existing homes where sanitary and heating facilities are often lacking.They also complain of being refused loans from state-controlled banks, denied drivinglicences and rarely given permission to drivetractors (83).
A journalist who offered to help them entered the two clubs,dressed with a tie and in blue jeans. The three
Theyworked on a temporary basis witha tourist-visa in many West European countries.
As 1n the case of the cooperation procedure introduced by the Single European Act, 1t will be necessary for Parliament to use its first reading under the co-dec1s1on procedure to express its maximum position.
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT: A WINDOW ON THE WORLD ι of democratic, peaceful Stale- and e large > t economic power in the world, the European L exercises an ever-er
Traditionally, an EIP provides the following services: distribution of general publications produced by the institutions display of official publications for consultation display of maps, posters, etc. trained staff to answer questions video presentations guiding more specialized requests towards the appropriate information sources.
With regard to Mr Besse's report, I would like to say that we are grateful to him for his excellent report, which tackles a number of questions that have lain before this Parliament and the Commission for some time, regarding excise duty on alcoholic beverages in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark, and which has found and put for ward solutions that, viewed impartially, are sound and full of good sense.
Subject: Abolition of the Greek state trading monopolies
In its turn, the migration of the young exacerbates the decline of the regions in question.
I commend Mrs Faith on her wide-ranging report, which addresses itself to all the major issues associated with improving safety on the Community's roads. I believe — and indeed statistical evidence proves — that alcohol abuse and, to a lesser extent, drug abuse are major contributors to road accidents throughout the Community.
The Economic and Social Committee, which represents both sides of industry, has been scathing in its criticism of this report.
We do not consider it advisable to break up the compact front that had been formed in our Par­liament, treating the environment as a separate factor.
The Bishops and the Catholic Church in the Philip pines took up a courageous position and they deserve the praise of this House.
The International Code that was launched there, and the application of which we are now calling for, is only a compromise, a compromise that already took into account the objections raised by the producers, which it did with the aim — despite the fact that those objections were dictated by the meanest of interests — of obtain ing unanimous support for the code itself.
Of the 122 million babies born each year, the Third World accounts for 100 million; 21 million are underweight at birth and breastfeeding is their only chance of making up the difference.
In this connection I must underline what Miss Tongue said, that there is a clear statistical difference as regards infection betweeen breastfed and bottle-fed children.
During this trip I had the enormous satisfaction of only being stopped once at seven border crossings for a passport check or a check on the amount of duty free goods I was carrying.
Question No 83, by Mrs Larive-Groenendaal:
We all know that our main problems are surpluses of certain products and limited marks. A build-up of stocks over a period of years, arising mainly from a combination of failure to improve the decision-making process, bad management and exceptionally difficult trading conditions.
We took the view in the Committee on Budgets that what we wish to see is a document which addressed itself in broad terms to priorities but which did not represent a specific and detailed shopping list.
Mr Andriessen. — (NL) I am surprised by the honourable Member's suggestion that the Commission or I should regard afforestation as the universal panacea, as he called it, for the problems in agriculture.
I am concerned after the Sellafield incident, let alone Chernobyl, that these existing arrangements and practices simply do not reflect present day requirements.
frameworks. I am very glad that the Commission is not washing its hands of Eureka and I am quite sure that we in this Parliament must not wash our hands of it, we must make it work.
President. — I should like to welcome most cordially a delegation from the Latin American Parliament and a delegation from the Andean Parliament led by their respective Presidents, Mr Luís León and Mr Julio Garrett Aillõn, who is also Vice-President of the Republic of Bolivia.
It will be remembered that I said here in January that a marketing policy without measures for preventing a build-up of stocks is meaningless.
But there is still some uncertainty, particularly where Erasmus and YES are concerned, because the Council of Ministers has, once again, yet to take a decision.
Develop ment aid should not be fragmented into small and incomplete programmes which exclude basic develop mental sectors. There must be support for the participation of developing countries in the decisionmaking process relating to the development policies of the international organizations.
Mr Commissioner, do you not think that the time has come for the agricultural produce of the Canary Islands to be granted free movement within the European Community?
thirdly, VAT revenues collected by levying 1% on amounts effectively subject to VAT, which would thus be more immediately associated with own resources; finally, a 'corrective' source of revenue derived from charges on a complementary basis of assessment defined as the difference between GNP — the advan tages of which I have already outlined — and the basis for assessing VAT used for the 1 % levy.
In the case in question he was not accused of having done or having failed to do anything at all !
The Commission experts had to piece together the life story of these drums, and it finally emerged that the liquid waste had been sent to the Centre at Mol from the Federal Republic for pro­cessing and that the drums in question had been returned to the Federal Republic from Mol.
Assistance should therefore, I believe, be tied to the people on the farm, or labour units if you like, and thus the people and industry and the whole rural economy would be gain ing support from that regime.
Positive action is required to inform the public of their rights and obligations and also to convince them that the environ ment exists not only for them but also for future generations.
The worst thing, though, is that the Com mission and the Council are pursuing this policy not as a means towards reorganizing the market and supporting farm incomes but as a basis for political and economic balance.
I should just like to say this about the wisdom or unwisdom of the double zero option: Europe will appear to be very short of credibility and politically unpredictable if it cannot accept what it has itself been asking for for years, and in connection with this debate I am surprised that the Group of the European Right can summon up the moral perversity in this con text to argue in favour of European manufacture of the neutron bomb.
I urge the Commission to take note of paragraph 1 of the resolution which refers to the International Year of Shelter for the Homeless.
The fact that there is now the prospect that these programmes are going to be cut does not of course add to their use fulness to space activities.
MAHER (LDR). — Madam President, I whole-heartedly support, as every right-thinking person should, the report by Mr Marck and also the most recent pro posals from the Commission.
But the fact of the matter is, Mr President, that we have acted, we have not just spoken. That is the reality which the House has got to understand and I will go on saying it over and over again, pleasantly or
The importance of education to Irish people may be gauged from the fact that we have consistently been among the highest spenders per capita in Europe on education at all levels, including pre-employment training.
In the Commission's view, the ruling of the Court of Justice was not that there could be a separate taxation category for the wines concerned, but that a lower tax tariff for natural sweet wines is not in breach of Article 95 of the EEC Treaty.
Monetary measures, including the maintain ing of an adequate differential in interest rates between the USA and West Germany, led West Ger many to break the agreement and by raising its interest rates to trigger the stockmarket crisis.
Much of the technical work done in Esprit has already found its way to inter national standardization bodies, this being particularly true of office systems and computer-integrated manu facturing.
Another important indirect result of cooper ation in precompetitive research is that European firms are also cooperating more closely in areas other than research. Cooperation in Esprit creates a favourable climate and increases the self-confidence of Europe's information technology sector.
the Hague Convention provides for the extension to the citizens of the contracting states of entitlement to legal aid in civil and commercial proceedings in every other contracting State on the same terms as its nationals.
I think it is purely for reasons of illhealth that our tribute to the Commission and Council Presidents has not been paid by our own President, Lord Plumb.
However, the begin ning of the motion for a resolution states: 'Having regard to the report of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs ... and the opinion of the Com mittee on Legal Affairs ...  — the opinion of the Com
I wish you all a very happy and prosperous 1988.
Consequently, our efforts to promote as quickly as possible the exploitation of renewable energy sources are entirely necessary.
The effective protection of workers' health is a fundamental requirement of the whole proposal.
I wish personally to thank those who helped in getting acceptance for my amend ments on a higher intenention price for oil and on
In the Gazet van Antwerpen of 15 February 1988 former EEC Commissioner Albert Coppe comments on the bid for the Société Générale de Belgique as follows: In New York I learnt that there are two sorts of consortia: there's Jewish capital and there's nonJewish capital — of course, it's not for me to comment.
That brings hope for the future and our education and methods of training must take it into account.
That is why we wish to express our concern at the growing deterioration in safety through air traffic, flying exercises and aerobatics.
The credit for having accepted this petition in a motion for a resolution under his name goes to Mr Ulburghs, and the contents of this charter have taken shape during meetings and demonstrations even that have taken place in recent months throughout Europe.
The Council pointed out to us that whilst these ceilings may be reached they do not have to be reached.
Jam manufactured in Denmark has an average sugar content of only 50%, which means that it is a more nutritive product.
Just as there is a machine for driving, which is the car, and a machine for writing, which is the typewriter, it is right that there should be a machine for education.
Cinema and television are an important and powerful source of information on the lifestyles, habits and customs of other countries.
We ask for a report from the Commission by 30 September next year on its progress in improving the efficiency of staff management.
Then we should draw up texts on the right of asylum. Our Member States themselves should refrain from any racism in the way in which they deal with that one.
However, Mr President, we too must show discipline.
As part of its pro gramme the Commission ensures that in implementing Directive 76/207 the national provisions concerned take account of women's and men's right of equal access to training and jobs.
Can the Commission make representations to ensure that the high standards associated with licenced taxi provision in the United Kingdom are maintained and indeed extended to the rest of the European Community?
ROGALLA (S). — (DE) I should like to thank the Vice-President for his comprehensive answer, from which I gather that the Commission's activities are resulting in closer coordination with the Member States.
PIERMONT (V). — (FR) and (DE) Madam President, I should like to ask you to call to order the Member who spoke after me.
That is the company they are keeping.
Moreover, the principle of Community preference should apply integrally to the tropical agricultural products of the French overseas territories and departments, ensuring that they do not have to compete with third countries for access to the Community market.
As the Honourable Member knows, the European Staff Regulations do not lay down any quotas and I think it would be a bad solution to set out on that road. However, the Commission naturally gives special attention to preserving the best possible geographical balance for filling posts in the Commission.
The cuts affect the Acheloüs project, the motorway programme (Athens-Thessalonika, Gevgeli and Athens, Corinth and Patras) the Athens Metro, the airport at Spata and the link between Riou and Antirriou.
As the honourable Member will recall, cod was the main species under the Portuguese as well as the Community agreement with Canada.
The decision on prices must also endeavour to re-establish fair conditions for intraCommunity trade whenever these have been disturbed by events such as changes in parity.
From Eastern European countries too, although I agree with the Commissioner that it is also fundamental that we should assist the process of democratic, and therefore economic, stabilization in those countries.
I believe that it represents a first for this House.
PRESIDENT. — We shall now proceed to the vote on the motion for a resolution.
We cannot today entirely follow Mrs Breyer in the position she has taken on the second reading. My group accepts the amendments of the Committee on Energy, Research and Technology.
The public investor, for his part, gives aid in the guise of investment and does not expect any profit at all.
Question No 59, by Mr Livanos (H-437/90) Subject: Treat of re-conversion of the church of Hagia Sophia in Istanbul into a mosque
What has become so precious in our Community, namely the fact that we have tried to drive out the demons of the past and reconcile the differences between nationalities, between different peoples and cultures, is now under attack by these expressions of xenophobia, intolerance and racism.
I feel it is the task of this Parliament and the other institutions of the European Community to monitor this arms trade, to tell us clearly what trade is going on and to intervene in such arms trade as the supply of blueprints to South Africa, a form of arms trade that is declared as quite normal, despite the sanctions which the Community has imposed on South Africa.
PRESIDENT. — I have received eight motions for resolutions, with request for an early vote, to wind up the debate on the Council and Commission state­ments. '
We have reached the stage anticipated by Europe's founding fathers, at which the internal market can no longer function without a minimum of political unity.
The reports under discussion here today, which generally speaking deserve our support in spite of some excessive anthropological naïveté or unfairness regard ing the position of the new Brazilian Government in this matter, have given us the opportunity to identify the problem and reconsider our original conceptions in greater depth.
I recognize that it has been on sale for a while, but it would indicate the UN's seriousness about this issue if they now clearly indicated that they had made a mistake and wished to have it withdrawn.
To proceed further along the path of European unification — needless to say in continuing rich diversity — is a necessity, but will only be possible if measures are taken to make the subsidiarity principle a European reality instead of a dishcloth in the hands of European Jacobins.
As a slight correction to this question, I would note that the product referred to is tomato concentrate (having a dry matter content of not less than 12 % ) and not strictly tomato purée which can have lower concentrations.
Many of us here oppose the Commission's proposals and the committee's report.
Collaboration of this kind from these last two Community institutions will always be valued and appreciated.
— in Brazil and in any other countries where such methods are used. That is why it is important to prevent the introduction of the death penalty in Brazil ; it could set a precedent for a wider movement.
In the Bundestag, they screamed blue murder in response to the brutal deployment of the Yugoslav federal army in Slovenia.
It notes that these freedoms are defined by the citizens' political relationship with the Community and that the Community derives its authority from its political relationship with its citizens, so that, it says,
Europe's efforts, as regards the conflict in the Middle East, to ensure that it contributes to Jewish-Arab coexistence and to play a useful role is
I would, however, point out that a distinction should be drawn between the granting of licences and the fixing of quotas: the only quota for salmon at present fixed by the Community applies to catches in the Baltic Sea.
As the standards differ in each case, harmonization is often difficult to achieve and inequality between men and women often persists where social security is concerned.
Mr Delors, in this new struggle, you know you can count on the support of the Socialist Group, which may be critical at times, but will certainly always be loyal and resolute.
We join with the small group of protesters, among them our colleague Mrs Aglietta, who followed Premier Li Peng on his trade visit to the Community's capitals, in condemning these atrocities in the strongest possible terms.
Socialist Group will explain this to the European Trade Union Confederation.
The fact is, though, that it provides a basis on which Europe can move forward significantly at a time when it has reached a crucial phase in its existence, not only because of the many difficulties in our own countries, where we see growing anxiety, nationalistic feelings with which we have to come to terms, but also because of the countries in Central and Eastern Europe, which we have told that we cannot bring them into the Community yet because we first have to deepen the Community and sign Maastricht.
Some of these countries are simply not capable of handling their sovereignty responsibly. sibly.
In such circumstances, how can we expect the Americans to surrender their privileges willingly?
Following the first panel, in 1991, the Community amended its previous oilseeds support system.
The possibility that powerful elements in the present regime are intent upon a policy of divide and rule at any cost is an insidious one which undermines the prospect of peaceful change.
We were moved to pity for the fate of the Kurds, whom the Turks are making even less at home than the Iraqi army!
I would like this Parliament to realise, and I would like the Council and the Commission to take particular note, that one of the first countries that should be checked is the small island of Ireland.
FALCONER (S). — Mr President, I listened very closely to what Mr Delors had to say this morning.
The most the Community can do is to help alleviate the consequences to some extent by supporting training and retraining programmes, and this could form part of a social package for the workers in question agreed between the unions and the receivers, perhaps with support from the national authorities.
HELVEG PETERSEN, President-in-Office of European Political Cooperation. — (DA) Mr President, let me first of all thank the Members for having held this debate on this very important topic.
Of course scientific opinion varies. There was a time when Allura Red was not permitted in Europe, though it was in America and Amaranth in the reverse way.
This situation has arisen because all farmers have started planting potatoes as prices for other products are so low.
In that case European Community agriculture must be protected.
LULLING and merits are equal, these practices consist in giving preference to women.
It displays this attitude of pursuit in the economic and monetary sectors in particular.
Verbeek (V). - (NL) Mr President, I cannot support this resolution because of recital F and paragraph 2.
The present Community of 12 Member States that became the European Union with the entry into force of the Maastricht Treaty is aware of its obligation and responsibility for our continent.
Fundamentalism of any kind stifles freedom of expression and must not be allowed to pass unnoticed, no matter what its source or the reasons for it.
We are all hopeful that it will be published soon and that it can be presented as soon as possible so that the consultation process involving citizens, under takings, trade unions and various groupings in the Com munity can be launched.
This data does not include the growing number of credit card transactions.
This exhibition falsifies history, in that it makes no mention either of the 800 years of positive coexistence of the Czech and German communities in Bohemia, or the brutal and illegal expulsion, 50 years ago, of 3,5 million Germans, which provided a model for today's ethnic cleansing.
In conclusion, the subsidies granted to farmers, especially in France, to compensate them for their loss of income are a good thing provided that they are not graduated or subject to any time limit and provided that they are charged against the Community budget under the Ecu 500 million reserve or the EAGGF guarantee line.