| Repair of footwear | Manufacture of wearing apparel, except footwear 244 | Manufacture of made-up textile goods.
| Business services not elsewhere classifled ex 84 | | Recreation services
Unless otherwise provided in the specific criteria in Section B the colouring matters referred to in Annex I are required to satisfy the following criteria of purity, quantities and percentages being calculated on the pure colour.
The bixin cannot be eluted in benzene, light petroleum, ether, chloroform, acetone, etharol or methanol.
Evaporate the filtrate to dryness in a platinum evaporating dish, then heat to a dull red until the weight is constant.
Community rules for control of certain processed animal protein into ruminant feed entered into force in July 1994.
The parts of the buckle likely to contact the body of the wearer shall present a section of not less than 20 cm2 and at least 46 mm in width, measured in a plane situated at a maximum distance of 2,5 mm from the contact surface.
The Authority concluded in its reasoned opinions that, as regards the use of fenarimol on peaches, grapes, straw­ berries, bananas, tomatoes and watermelons and the use of metaflumizone on melons, watermelons, herbs and salad plants (except lettuce), the submitted data are not sufficient to set new MRLs.
Based on the recommendations of the EGTOP (3), which concluded as regards fertilisers and soil conditioners that the substances biogas digestate, hydrolysed proteins from animal by-product origin, leonardite, chitin and sapropel comply with the organic objectives and principles, those substances should be included in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No for use under certain specific conditions.
Degreening bananas, kiwis and kakis; degreening of citrus fruit only as part of a strategy for the prevention of fruit fly damage in citrus; flower induction of pineapple; sprouting inhibition in potatoes and onions.
an indication of the tanks in which there are drainage sumps or heaters; (j) the total capacity;
CRYSTALLIZED GLUCOSE ( DEXTROSE ) , FRUCTOSE , LACTOSE OR MALTOSE AMOUNTING TO A TOTAL OF 5 % OF THE TOTAL WEIGHT OF THE PRODUCT , WITHOUT IT BEING NECESSARY FOR THIS TO BE STATED;
parallel planes extending from the upper edge of plane 2.2.1 to a maximum height of 900 mm above the seat reference point and inclined in such a way that the upper edge of the plane on the side from which the side loading is applied is at least 100 mm from the reference plane;
This horizontal plane cuts the lower surface of the seat pan board 150 mm in front of the abovementioned tangent.
Tamp down to obtain a homogeneous layer and place a wad of cotton wool or glass wool on the top of layer B.
Pipet 20 ml of the pararosaniline hydrochloride stock solution (4.4) and 25 ml of phosphoric acid (4.5) into a 250 ml volumetric flask and make up to the mark with water.
Add 1 ml of the sulphamic acid solution (4.8) to each flask and allow to react for 10 minutes to destroy the nitrate from oxides of nitrogen.
Then accurately pipet 2 ml of the formaldehyde solution (4.7) and 5 ml of the pararosaniline reagent (4.6) into the flasks.
Measure the absorbances with distilled water in the reference cell.
Add 25 ml of water to a 500 ml flask and pipet 50 ml of the iodine solution (B.1.2) into the flask (here designated flask A/blank).
1 350 grams per hectolitre of alcohol at 100 % volume, from 1 January 1998, and
Having regard to Regulation (EC) No of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 establishing a common authorisation procedure for food additives, food enzymes and food flavourings (2), and in particular Article 7(5) thereof,
Mass Balance Approach for Carbon Black Production and Gas Processing Terminals 1
During calcination in the kiln, CO2 from carbonates is released from the raw materials.
under subsection 2.1.2, Calculation method B: Alkali Earth Oxides is replaced by the following: ‘CO2 emissions arise from the calcination of carbonates and shall be calculated based on the amounts of CaO and MgO contents in the lime, dolime or magnesia produced.
Activity-specific guidelines for the production of soda ash and sodium bicarbonate as listed in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC
As soda ash and sodium bicarbonate contain carbon stemming from the process inputs, the calculation of process emissions shall be based on a mass balance approach pursuant to Section 2.1.1.
For carbonates, use of stoichiometric ratios given in the following Table:
These values shall be adjusted for the respective moisture and gangue content of the applied carbonate material.
The chemical index of the added protein shall be equal to at least 80 % of that of the reference protein (casein as defined in Annex III), or the protein efficiency ratio (PER) of the protein in the mixture shall be equal to at least 70 % of that of the reference protein.
the amount of added carbohydrates from these sources shall not exceed 1,8 g/100 kJ (7,5 g/100 kcal), • the amount of added fructose shall not exceed 0,9 g/100 kJ (3,75 g/100 kcal).
If the product is designated on the label as a meal, but does not mention meat, poultry, fish, offal or other traditional source of protein in the name of the product, the total protein in the product from all sources shall not be less than 0,7 g/100 kJ (3 g/100 kcal).
The addition of amino acids shall be permitted solely for the purpose of improving the nutritional value of the protein present, and only in the proportions necessary for that purpose.
Definition Ethyl cellulose is cellulose obtained directly from fibrous plant material and partially etherified with ethyl groups Chemical names Ethyl ether of cellulose
In all cases, amino acids may be added to infant formulae solely for the purpose of improving the nutritional value of the proteins, and only in the proportions necessary for that purpose.
The infant formulae administered orally must not induce sensitisation, in animals, to the intact proteins from which the infant formulae are manufactured.
Demineralised sweet whey protein derived from cows’ milk after enzymatic precipitation of caseins using chymosin, consisting of:
At least 95 % of WCs shall consume 6 litres per full flush or less.
All showers in sanitary facilities/common areas shall have a timing/proximity device which interrupts water flow after a defined time or if not in use.
CD1B Having chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or emphysema
PC1E Difficulty in bathing or showering No difficulty Some difficulty
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for cherries, avocados, peas (fresh, without pods) and globe artichokes no information was available and that for cress and celery the information available was insufficient to derive a tentative MRL and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
Taking into account additional information on the good agricultural practice provided by France after publication of the reasoned opinion and as there is no risk for consumers, the MRL for apricots should be set in Annex II to Regulation (EC) No at the existing level.
For oranges it recommended raising the existing MRL.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRL for banana the information available was insufficient to derive a tentative MRL and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
Add by pipette 1,0 ml of ethanol (3.1) and rotate the flask to ensure thorough wetting of the pigment.
Swirl the contents of the flask for five seconds to ensure thorough mixing of the contents.
The use of inductively-coupled plasma - optical emission spectrometry is permitted as an alternative to flame atomic absorption spectrometry.
Inject 10 ml of each of the reference solutions (4.10) and record their chromatograms.
Inject 10 ml of the sample solution (6.1) and record its chromatogram.
the vitaminization of the products covered by this Directive is authorized;
Whereas, in the absence of a directive to amend Annex XII B, the manufacturers of such vehicles would be either left with unsaleable stocks of such vehicles or required to take uneconomic measures to satisfy the requirements of the Directive;
When a whole genus is mentioned in the classified list of biological agents, it is implicit that the species and strains known to be non-pathogenic are excluded. Where a strain is attenuated or has lost known virulence genes, then the containment required by the classification of its parent strain need not necessarily apply, subject to assessment appropriate for risk in the workplace.
means the orthogonal projection of a retro reflector in a plane perpendicular to its axis of reference and bounded by planes touching the outer edges of the light projection surface of the retro reflector and parallel to this axis.
L0111 Commission Directive 93/111/EC of 10 December 1993 amending Directive 93/10/EEC relating to materials and articles made of regenerated cellulose film intended to come into contact with foodstuffs COMMISSION DIRECTIVE 93/111/EC of 10 December 1993 amending Directive 93/10/EEC relating to materials and articles made of regenerated cellulose film intended to come into contact with foodstuffs THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES, Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, Having regard to Council Directive 89/109/EEC of 21 December 1988 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to materials and articles intended to come into contact with foodstuffs (1), and in particular Article 3 thereof,
Whereas Directive 87/153/EEC should quickly be amended accordingly, with a view to making available the necessary rules for the specific examination of additives belonging to the new group of enzymes and micro-organisms; whereas, in the meantime, the dossiers to be submitted with a v:iew to assessing products included in the national lists must be prepared according to the guidelines established for additives in general;
Whereas in order to make possible the evaluation and authorization of enzymes produced by or derived from genetically modified organisms, the Commission must provide an assessment of such products with the aim of preventing damage to human or animal health or the environment;
With a minimum sample size of three the sampling procedure is set so that the probability of a lot passing a test with 40 % of the production defective is 0,95 (producer's risk = 5 %), while the probability of a lot being accepted with 65 % of the production defective is 0,1 (consumer's risk = 10 %).
If the natural logarithms of the measurements in the series are x1, x2,..., xj and L is the natural logarithm of the CO2 type-approval value, then define:
Sauna timer control (1 point) All sauna units shall have a timer control.
On the basis of the data presented, the Authority concluded that a cause and effect relationship was estab­ lished between the intake of calcium and vitamin D and the claimed effect.
These high purity substances and mixtures containing controlled substances shall be supplied only in re-closable con­ tainers or high pressure cylinders smaller than three litres or in 10 millilitre or smaller glass ampoules, marked clearly as substances that deplete the ozone layer, restricted to laboratory and analytical uses and specifying that used or surplus substances should be collected and recycled, if practical.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for blackberries, raspberries and spinach some information was not available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
As regards straw­ berries, raspberries, Chinese cabbage, lamb’s lettuce, beans (fresh, with pods), cardoons, fennel and rhubarb, after submitting the opinion referred to in the first sentence, the Authority submitted a further opinion concerning the MRLs (2).
to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement. Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 702/2013 of 22 July 2013 on transitional measures for the application of Regulation (EC) No 882/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the accreditation of official laboratories carrying out official testing for Trichinella and amending Commission Regulation (EC) No 1162/2009 (2) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Other polyhydric alcohols Not more than 1 % (expressed on dry weight basis)
Zirconium and its compounds, with the exception of the complexes under reference number 7 in Annex IV, Part 1, and of zirconium lakes, salts and pigments of colouring agents listed with reference (5) in Annex III, Part II, and in Annex IV, Part 2.
maximum lift of valves and angles of opening and closing in relation to dead centres.
the name reserved for these products in accordance with Article 3 with, in the case of caseinates, an indication of the cation or cations;
The determination is carried out by spectrophotometry at 410 nm of the complex obtained by reaction with Fehling's solution.
Into four 100 ml round-bottom flasks (5.1), each containing 3 ml of 30 % aqueous ethanol (4.20), pipette 5, 10, 15 and 20 ml portions of the standard solution (4.15.1) corresponding to 5, 10, 15 and 20 mg of quinolin-8-ol.
This procedure avoids the loss of ammonia, during steam distillation, from certain ammonium salts such as the carbonate and hydrogencarbonate and those of the fatty acids, with the exception of ammonium acetate.
Xylene with no peaks in the chromatogram prior to the solvent peak when chromatographed under the same conditions as the sample (6.1). If necessary purify by distillation (5.8).
Add 10 ml of nitric acid (3.1) and leave to digest for three hours in an airtight flask in a water bath at 55 oC, shaking at regular intervals.
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2019/1981 of 28 November 2019 amending Implementing Regulation (EU) 2019/626 as regards lists of third countries and regions thereof authorised for entry into the European Union of snails, gelatine and collagen, and insects intended for human consumption1 is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Highly biodiverse grasslands differ among climatic zones and may include, inter alia, heaths, pastures, meadows, savannahs, steppes, scrublands, tundra and prairies.
Specific measures designed to provide better control of the sources of nitrates together with codes of good agricultural practice may help to reduce the nitrate levels in vegetables.
For substances of this type there is no threshold allowed, for a transitional period, to authorise the below which no harmful effect is observed.
For potatoes the maximum level applies to peeled potatoes 0,1
Category 2, comprising counterparties not belonging to Category 1 which belong to a group whose aggregate month-end average of outstanding gross notional amount of non-centrally cleared derivatives for January, February and March 2016 is above EUR 8 billion and which are any of the following:
Production of carbon black as specified in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC
Notwithstanding the time limit laid down in paragraphs 1 and 2, where a depositor or any person entitled to or interested in sums held in an account has been charged with an offence arising out of or in relation to money laundering as defined in Article 1 of Directive 91/308/EEC, the guarantee scheme may suspend any payment pending the judgment of the court.
Deposits by a credit institution's own directors, managers, members personally liable, holders of at least 5 % of the credit institution's capital, persons responsible for carrying out the statutory audits of the credit institution's accounting documents and depositors of similar status in other companies in the same group.
If Class D 50 drawbar eyes are fitted with sleeves, they shall comply with the dimensions shown in Figure 12 (except class D 50-C) or Figure 13.
The sleeves must not be welded into the drawbar eyes.
Slotted sleeve for D 50 drawbar eyes
All steps of the preparation must be carried out without any significant ethanol loss through evaporation that would change the isotopic composition of the sample.
Number of samples: Six samples in double-blind comparison Analyte: δ 13C of ethanol
By derogation from the first subparagraph, and during a transitional period ending on 31 December 2005, the competent authority of each Member State may authorise the use of synthetic vitamins of types A, D and E for ruminants in so far as the following conditions are met:
The distribution of this 10 % should take into account levels of income per capita in 2005 and the growth prospects of Member States, and be higher for Member States with low income levels per head and high growth prospects.
Recovery parachutes for guided missiles, drones or space vehicles;
However, for some categories of dwellings (e.g. flats in capital cities) there may be a U- shaped relation between the price per square metre and the size of the dwelling.
If, for the lower links of a front three-point coupling, coupling devices (such as a rapid-action coupling) are used which do not require the presence of a person between the tractor and the implement attached during coupling, the requirements under 2.3.2.8.1 do not apply within the reach of a radius of 250 mm from the points at which the lower links are coupled to the tractor.
´curvature, r' means the approximate value of the smallest radius of arc of the windscreen as measured in the area of maximum curvature.
Fragmentation is not checked in a strip 2 cm wide round the edge of the samples, this strip representing the frame of the glass, nor within a radius of 7,5 cm from the point of impact.
zone FII: not more than three fragments of between 16 and 20 cm² in area located outside the circle having a radius of 10 cm centred on the point of impact;
If designed for and intended for travelling unladen up and down gradients of 10 %, the test platform slope vlaue indicated by the 10 % curve should be used; and similary for the curve marked 20 %. If designed for and intended for travelling unladen up and down gradients between the above curves, the test platform slope should be calculated using one of the following formulae: á = 15+0,5 i+1,55 v (max. where á = test platform slope, expressed as a percentage (%), i
v maximum speed of truck in kilometres per hour, unladen, on smooth and level ground. EWG:L111UMBE08.95 FF: 1UEN; SETUP: 01; Bediener: MARK; MC: P; Pr. : C;
On receipt of an application the Commission shall without delay verify whether the food additive, food enzyme or flavouring falls within the scope of the appropriate sectoral food law and whether the application contains all the elements required under Chapter II.
Evidence that a substance can lead to specific respiratory hypersensitivity will normally be based on human experience. In this context, hypersensitivity is normally seen as asthma, but other hypersen­ sitivity reactions such as rhinitis/conjunctivitis and alveolitis are also considered.
other epidemiological evidence where there is a relatively high and substantial incidence of allergic contact dermatitis in relation to relatively low exposure.
epidemiological studies showing allergic contact dermatitis caused by the substance.
well documented episodes of allergic contact dermatitis, normally obtained in more than one dermatology clinic;
Whole product after removal of stems (except pineapples)
Standards or other conditions applicable where reference is made to them in the table under Section I (2) (A) of this Annex: (a) All fresh and healthy seeds which do not germinate after pre-treatment shall be regarded as seeds which have germinated.
The diameter of these zones is taken to be in direct proportion to the logarithm of the antibiotic concentration over the range of antibiotic concentrations employed.
hours before the assay, inoculate with this growth two to four tubes containing slopes of culture medium (4.1).
the pressure values indicated in millimetres of mercury and in millimetres water gauge shall be replaced by the values indicated in millibars in accordance with the formula: - 1 mm Hg = 1 733322 mbar,
Residual Solvents Ethanol: not more than 2 % • Extracts of rosemary prepared from a deodorised ethanolic extract of rosemary Extracts of rosemary which are prepared from a deodorised ethanolic extract of rosemary.
The assessment of the level of exposure to hand-arm vibration is based on the calculation of the daily exposure value normalised to an eight-hour reference period A(8), expressed as the square root of the sum of the squares (rms) (total value) of the frequency-weighted acceleration values, determined on the orthogonal axes ahwx, ahwy, ahwz as defined in Chapters 4 and 5 and Annex A to ISO standard 5349-1(2001).
This Directive concerns the acceptance for inclusion in a common catalogue of varieties of agricultural plant species of those varieties of beet, fodder plant, cereal, potato and oil and fibre plant the seed of which may be marketed under provisions of the Directives concerning respectively the marketing of beet seed (2002/54/EC), fodder plant seed (66/401/EEC), cereal seed (66/402/EEC), seed potatoes (2002/56/EC) and seed of oil and fibre plants (2002/57/EC).
Homologues of ethanol, together with the ethanol and ethanol homologues in ethyl esters, are included in the alcoholic strength since they occur in the distillate.
grants for olive oil production (B1-1210), • grants for the production of textile crops (fibre flax and hemp; B1-140), • grants for silkworm production (B1-1420), • grants for banana production (B1-1508, only the part relating to compensatory aid), • grants for dried grape production (B1-1513), • grants for seed production (B1-180),
Limestone flux, limestone and other calcareous stone used for the manufacture of lime or cement (excluding crushed limestone aggregate and calcareous dimension stone)
Chemically pure fructose in solid form, fructose and fructose syrup, containing in the dry state > 50 % of fructose, iseglucose excluding with added flavouring or colouring matter 1702 (.
Other wadding and articles thereof (for other than medical use)
Men's or boys' trousers and breeches, of cut corduroy (excluding for industrial or occupational wear)
Shawls, scarves, mufflers, mantillas, veils and the like, of knitted or crocheted textiles 6117.10
Rough softwood poles, injected or otherwise impregnated with paint, stains, creosote or other preservatives 4403.10
Composite paper and paperboard in rolls or sheets (including strawpaper and paperboard) (excluding surface coated or impregnated, laminated with bitumen, tar or asphalt)
Tablecloths and serviettes of paper pulp, paper, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose fibres 4818.30
Salts of inorganic acids or peroxoacids (excluding azides and double or complex silicates)
Compounds of rare-earth metals, of yttrium or of scandium or mixtures of these metals 2846
Polypeptide, protein and glycoprotein hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues (excluding insulin and its salts)
Steroidal hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues (excluding cortisone, hydrocortisone, prednisone and prednisolone, halogenated derivatives of corticosteroidal hormones, oestrogens and progestogens)
Medicaments containing hormones but not antibiotics, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, not put up in measured doses or for retail sale (excluding insulin)
Chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones or spermicides 3006.60
Plastic articles of apparel and clothing accessories (including gloves, raincoats, aprons, belts and babies' bibs) (excluding headgear)
Stainless steel self-tapping screws (excluding threaded mechanisms used to transmit motion, or to act as an active machinery part)
Industrial machinery for the manufacture or preparation of macaroni, spaghetti or similar products 8438.10.90
Parts and accessories for pianos (excluding strips of ivory, bone or plastics simply cut to shape, but requiring further working before use as coverings for keys)
The use of the enzyme 3-phytase produced by Aspergillus niger (CBS 114.94) is already authorised without a time limit for the animal categories piglets, pigs for fattening, sows, chickens for fattening and laying hens by Commis- sion Regulation (EC) No (3).
Collagen-based casings with a water activity greater than 0,6 quantum satis'
Due to production of lipids the algal cells sometimes tend to accumulate in the surface film.
All operations must be carried out under sterile conditions in order to avoid contamination with bacteria and other algae.
Two sets of reaction mixtures should be prepared according to the test designs for ECx or NOEC described in paragraph 41, but additionally, ATU should be added to each mixture of one set at a final concentration of 11,6 mg/l, which has been shown to inhibit nitrification completely in sludge with suspended solids concentrations of up to 3 000 mg/l (4).
Response variable are variables for the estimation of toxicity derived from any measured variables describing biomass by different methods of calculation.
It is essential to fill the pipette in one step to the exact volume of sludge required because of the ease of settlement of sludge solids.
If more is taken up, empty the pipette and start again.
To overcome this, it may be advisable to use digesting sludge from a different source and/or to add an increased concentration of the test substrate-nutrient broth, yeast extract and glucose (paragraph 29).
Injuries or autotomy in the worms should be prevented, e.g. by using pipettes with fire polished edges, or stainless steel dental picks for handling these worms.
Vitellogenin is normally produced by the liver of female oviparous vertebrates in response to circulating endogenous oestrogen.
Rating 1-present, is identified as any tubercle having a single point whose height is nearly equivalent to its radius (diameter).
Be careful not to collect the lipid on the surface or the liver tissue in the bottom layer.
If a large amount of lipid becomes attached to the tip, change it to the new one immediately to avoid contamination of the liver extract with fat.
Impregnate the tissue with paraffin to maintain tissue integrity and create a firm surface for microtomy.
The respective volumes will be transferred into new tubes using pipettes.
Note: The differentiation of Total Organic Carbon (TOC) over DOC (TOC/DOC) by centrifugation at very low concentrations does not seem to work, since either not all bacteria are removed, or carbon as part of the bacterial plasma is redissolved.
The test substance can be considered to be inhibitory to bacteria (at the concentration used) if the BOD of the mixture of reference and test substances is less than the sum of the BOD of the separate solutions of the two substances.
Much of the CO2 produced will be dissolved in the liquid phase or transformed into carbonate or hydrogen carbonate under the conditions of the test.
Change of the concentration of the test substance in/on the worms is monitored throughout both phases of the test.
Elimination processes sometimes appear to be biphasic, showing a rapid decline of Ca during the early phases, that changes to a slower loss of test substances in the later phases of the elimination (8)(19)(25)).
Wet by-product that is released after the fermentation of wheat starch for alcohol production
Moist product from the potato processing industry consisting of the peelings removed by steam treatment from the potato tuber to which auxiliary flows of gelatinous potato starch may be added.
Product obtained from skimmed or buttermilk by drying casein precipitated by means of acids or rennet.
Product extracted from curd or casein through use of neutralising substances and drying.
Product obtained by filtration (ultra, nano or micro) of milk (penetrating through the membrane) and from which lactose may have been partly removed.
Whey from which the lactose has been partly removed.
Product obtained by reaction of fatty acids with at least four carbon atoms with calcium, magnesium, sodium or potassium hydroxides, oxides or salts.
In vitro gene mutation study in bacteria 8.5.2.
The practice by some mobile network operators of billing for the provision of wholesale roaming calls on the basis of minimum charging periods of up to 60 seconds, as opposed to the per-second basis normally applied for other wholesale interconnection charges, creates a distortion of competition between those operators and those applying different billing methods, and undermines the consistent application of the maximum wholesale charges introduced by this Regu­ lation.
Net non-life insurance premiums Non-life insurance claims Miscellaneous current transfers (D75)
These alcohol-free counterparts of wine are produced by removing the alcohol from the wine after fermentation.
Where no list of cross-references is requested in accordance with paragraph 5 or is not voluntarily submitted by the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a regulated market, it shall be indicated in the margin of the draft prospectus to which information in the draft prospectus the relevant information items set out in the Annexes to this Regulation correspond.
the amount or the percentage to which related party transactions form part of the turnover of the issuer. SECTION 18
In this process, glucose units are attached to saccharides from the starch hydrolysate by means of an enzyme produced by the bacterium Leuconostoc citreum or by means of a recombinant strain of the production organism Bacillus licheniformis.
Then, the Community Reference Laboratory for bluetongue in Pirbright (United Kingdom) has confirmed the occurrence of bluetongue and that the virus in question is of serotype 8.
Thaumatin is obtained by aqueous extraction (pH 2,5 to 4) of the arils of the fruit of the natural strain of Thaumatococcus daniellii (Benth) and consists essentially of the proteins thaumatin I and thaumatin II together with minor amounts of plant constituents derived from the source material Einecs
The collagen/meat protein ratio is expressed as the percentage of collagen in meat protein.
For a Class 1 medical certificate, estimation of serum lipids, including cholesterol, shall be required at the examination for the first issue of a medical certificate, and at the first examination after having reached the age of 40.
Applicants with diabetes mellitus requiring insulin shall be assessed as unfit.
It may be necessary to adjust the suction-regulating valve (G) to control the nitrogen flow since it is possible that the barium carbonate precipitated during the test may block the sintered-glass discs.
Weigh, to the nearest 0,1 mg, 3,7276 grams of analytical-grade potassium chloride, previously dried for one hour in an oven at 130 °C and cooled in a desiccator to ambient temperature.
when it cannot assess whether the LAG is benign or not;
THE BASE OR UNDERLYING MATERIAL OF TEXTILE PRODUCTS WHICH SERVE AS A BACKING FOR THE USE-SURFACE , IN PARTICULAR IN BLANKETS AND DOUBLE FABRICS , AND THE BACKINGS OF VELVET OR PLUSH FABRICS AND KINDRED PRODUCTS SHALL NOT BE REGARDED AS BACKINGS TO BE REMOVED ,
Manufacturing and processing of textile materials on cotton machinery 234
Where incorporation of such a part is unavoidable, its method of attachment shall be such that removal is not facilitated easily (e.g. with conventional threaded fixings) and shall also be attached such that removal causes permanent/irrecoverable damage to the assembly.
All the above information that is available on a substance shall be used in determining the need for in vivo skin irritation testing.
However, if on the basis of the evidence, it can be demonstrated that these substances induce symptoms of asthma by irritation only in people with bronchial hyper reactivity, they should not be considered as respiratory sensitisers.
If this does not happen, the carbonate removal process must be repeated.
Some food additives are currently listed under various names (carboxy methyl cellulose (E 466), cross-linked sodium carboxymethylcellulose (E 468), enzymatically hydrolised carboxymethylcellulose (E 469) and beeswax, white and yellow (E 901)) in various provisions of Directive 95/2/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (2).
Minor amounts of oils and resins naturally occurring in turmeric may be present.
Definition Plain caramel is prepared by the controlled heat treatment of carbohy­ drates (commercially available food grade nutritive sweeteners which are the monomers glucose and fructose and/or polymers thereof, e.g. glucose syrups, sucrose, and/or invert syrups, and dextrose).
Definition Carboxy methyl cellulose is the partial sodium salt of a carboxymethyl ether of cellulose, the cellulose being obtained directly from strains of fibrous plant material
Definition Enzymatically hydrolysed carboxymethylcellulose is obtained from carboxymethylcellulose by enzymatic digestion with a cellulase produced by Trichoderma longibrachiatum (formerly T. reesei)
Other nucleotides Not detectable by thin-layer chromatography
Movement of circus and fairground animals D2 To a zoo
Furthermore, the sanitary tapware equipped with a sensor shall have an in-built ‘security technical feature’ with a pre-set shut-off time of maximum 2 minutes to prevent an accident or continuous water flow from taps or showers when not in use.
In addition, processing studies are not normally required for plants or plant products mostly eaten raw except for those with inedible portions such as citrus, banana or kiwi fruit where data on the distribution of the residue in peel/ pulp may be required.
After identification of the constituents of the textile, the non-fibrous material is removed by suitable pre-treatment and then the fibres are separated by hand, dried and weighed in order to calculate the proportion of each fibre in the mixture.
The cryoscope must not be exposed to sunlight or draught and room temperature over 26-27 oC.
For the quantification of inhibitory substances (8) make standard penicillin solutions in inhibitor-free milk (A.5.3) with the following concentrations:
organize each year workshops which will treat different themes related to the security of EDI messages,
The sugars formed are hydrolysed with hydrochloric acid and the glucose formed is determined by the Luff-Schoorl method.
Transfer the extraction residue to a mortar and grind finely.
The coloured complex is extracted with butanol and the optical density of the solution is measured at 555 nm.
Where a derived unit is expressed as a fraction, its decimal multiples and submultiples may be designated by attaching a prefix to units in the numerator or the denominator, or in both these parts.
Reference to the magnitude of the effect may only be made for foods within the following categories: yellow fat spreads, dairy products, mayonnaise and salad dressings.
that part of the department of Var situated between the sea and a line bounded by the communes (which are themselves included) of Evenos, Le Beausset, Solliès-Toucas, Cuers, Puget-Ville, Collobrières, La Garde- Freinet, Plan-de-la-Tour and Sainte-Maxime, • in the cantons of Olette and Arles-sur-Tech in the department of Pyrénées-Orientales;
The quantity of alcohol contained in those by-products shall be decided by Member States at a level at least equal to 5 % in relation to the volume of alcohol contained in the wine produced.
It may not be disposed of into the sector of alcohol destined for comestible use.
Notwithstanding Article 1(30), the presence in the herbal medicinal product of vitamins or minerals for the safety of which there is well-documented evidence shall not prevent the product from being eligible for registration in accordance with paragraph 1, provided that the action of the vitamins or minerals is ancillary to that of the herbal active ingredients regarding the specified claimed indi- cation(s).
The exhaust backpressure or restriction shall follow the same criteria as above, and may be set with a valve.
linear least-square fit is performed to generate the calibration equations which have the formula:
projection of the feature to the ground surface (as a representative point, curve or bounding polygon) to be used by an INSPIRE view service to display the spatial object location on a map.
The elevation has been captured at the highest point of the construction, including the installations, such as chimneys and antennas.
Areas dominantly used for temporary dwellings (camps of migrant people), holiday residences (summer cottages), etc.
An existing land use grid is a collection of pixels for which information on existing (present or past) land use is provided.
HTLV-I antibody testing must be performed for donors living in or originating from high-incidence areas or with sexual partners originating from those areas or where the donor’s parents originate from those areas; certain circumstances, additional testing may be required depending on the donor’s history and the characteristics of the tissue or cells donated (e.g. RhD, malaria, CMV, T. cruzi).
If air bubbles appear in the pipette tip, the test article is removed (expelled) and the process repeated until the tip is filled without air bubbles.
The wine sector conducted new scientific studies on the allergenicity of casein and ovalbumin, derived from milk and egg respectively, used as fining agents in the wine­ making.
B16 As a practical expedient, if an entity has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the entity's performance completed to date (for example, a service contract in which an entity bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the entity may recognise revenue in the amount to which the entity has a right to invoice.
Ginger, saffron, turmeric (curcuma), thyme, bay leaves, curry and other spices
This includes, for instance, transport of luggage provided as part of carriage of passengers, minor transport services such as carriage of passengers as part of a guided tour or transfers between a hotel and an airport or a railway station, meals, drinks and cleaning provided as part of accommodation, or access to on-site facilities such as a swimming pool, sauna, spa or gym included for hotel guests.
guano from wild sea birds, collected in the Union or imported from third countries;
For the purpose of this Directive, the fraction of creosote which exceeds this value of vapour pressure at 293,15 K shall be considered as a VOC;
contained conditions shall mean conditions under which an installation is operated such that the VOCs released from the activity are collected and discharged in a controlled way either via a stack or abatement equipment and are therefore not entirely fugitive;
Threshold for rotary screen printing on textile and on cardboard.
carbendazim and thiophanate-methyl: frozen, canned, preserved and processed products of grapefruits, oranges and tomatoes;
The valve outlet shall be connected to an overflow at the gas analyzer system's probe or to an overflow fitting between the probe and transfer line to all the analyzers being verified.
The valve shall be switched to start the flow of zero gas;
If the CO2 and H2O levels used are higher than the maximum levels expected during testing, each observed interference value shall be scaled down by multiplying the observed interference by the ratio of the maximum expected concentration value to the actual value used during this procedure.
The sum of the two scaled interference values shall meet the tolerance in point 8.1.9.2.3.
If the humidified NO span gas sample does not pass through a sample dryer, the quench verification calculations in point 8.1.11.
Good engineering judgment shall be used to guess initial values for xH2Oexh, xCcombdry, and xdil/exh.
It is expected that the number of mandates received by the Panel will increase in the future with the adoption of new vertical legislation in the area of vitamins and minerals added to foods and on food additives, flavourings, and food enzymes.
amending Regulation (EC) No as regards the screening of liquids, aerosols and gels at EU airports (Text with EEA relevance)
Information on the micro-organism's resistance or sensitivity to antibiotics or other anti-microbial agents must be provided, in particular the stability of the genes coding for antibiotic resistance, unless it can be justified that the micro-organism has no harmful effects on human or animal health, or that it can not transfer its resistance to antibiotics or other anti-microbial agents.
The major conclusions of that opinion were, first, that, as concerns excess intake of hormone residues and their metabolites, and in view of the intrinsic prop- erties of hormones and the epidemiological findings, a risk to the consumer has been identified with different levels of conclusive evidence for the six hormones evalu- ated.
As regards the other five hormones (testosterone, progesterone, trenbolone acetate, zeranol and melenges- trol acetate), the SCVPH assessment is that, in spite of the individual toxicological and epidemiological data available, which were taken into account, the current state of knowledge does not make it possible to give a quantitative estimate of the risk to consumers.
Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No , creosote has been evaluated in accordance with Article 11(2) of Directive 98/8/EC for use in product-type 8, wood preservatives, as defined in Annex V to that Directive.
In case of digital indication the error of indication shall be corrected for the rounding error.
waste machining oils containing halogens (not emulsioned) waste machining oils free of halogens (not emulsioned) waste machining emulsions containing halogens waste machining emulsions free of halogens synthetic machining oils machining sludges spent waxes and fats
It is solved by algebra and produces i = 0,1306623 rounded to 13,1 % (or 13,07 % if an accuracy of two decimal places is preferred).
AB Hatchback Saloon (AA) with a hatch at the rear end of the vehicle.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRL for fennel no information was available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
On 9 and 10 March 2005, Biohaz adopted an opinion on risk assessment of a revised inspection of slaughter animals in areas with low prevalence of Trichinella.
Pepsin, strength: 1:10 000 NF (US National Formulary) corresponding to 1:12 500 BP (British Pharmacopoeia) and to 2 000 FIP (Fédération internationale de pharmacie), or stabilised liquid pepsin with minimum 660 European Pharmacopoeia units/ml.
The chopped meat is transferred to the 3 litre beaker containing the water, pepsin and hydrochloric acid.
Lastly, 6 g pepsin or 18 ml liquid pepsin is added.
Sugar beet (excluding seed) Oil seed crops Fresh vegetables, melons and strawberries Pasture and meadow, excluding rough grazing Fruit and berry plantations Citrus plantations Olives plantations Vineyards Other crops (fibre crops, etc.) including rough grazings
l where: h1 is the height above the ground, in millimetres, of the abovementioned characteristic point, measured on a vertical screen perpendicular to the vehicle longitudinal median plane, placed at a horizontal distance I; h2 is the height above the ground, in millimetres, of the centre of reference (which is taken to be the nominal origin of the characteristic point chosen in h1); l the distance, in millimetres, from the screen to the centre of reference.
polynucleotide substances (including gene transfer and antisense substances), consisting of two or more distinct nucleotides where:
Chapter 25: Salt; sulphur; earths and stone; plastering materials, lime and cement
In the context of a procedure for the authorisation of the use of a plant protection product containing the active substance ametoctradin on sage and basil, an application was submitted in accordance with Article 6(1) of Regulation (EC) No for modification of the existing MRLs.
In addition to the form of expression referred to in paragraph 6, in the case of follow-on formula, the declaration on vitamins and minerals in respect of the vitamins and minerals listed in Annex VII to this Regulation may be expressed as a percentage of the reference intakes set out in that Annex in relation to per 100 ml of the food ready for use after preparation in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
The total concentration of nucleotides shall not exceed 1,2 mg/100 kJ (5 mg/100 kcal).
Rectangular wood pieces, with or without rounded corners, mounted horizontally or vertically on a support frame and surrounded by air on all sides, mainly used close to other building elements, both in interior and exterior applications.
An operator shall establish procedures to ensure that all baggage and cargo on board, which might cause injury or dam- age, or obstruct aisles and exits if displaced, is placed in stowages designed to prevent movement.
An operator shall not operate an aeroplane with a maximum certificated take-off mass exceeding 5 700 kg or having a maximum approved passenger seating configuration of more than nine seats unless it is equipped with at least one crash axe or crowbar located on the flight deck.
If the maximum approved passenger seating configuration is more than 200 an additional crash axe or crowbar must be carried and located in or near the most rearward galley area.
However, under certain conditions, that prohibition does not apply to a number of processed animal proteins such as fishmeal, hydrolysed proteins and dicalcium phosphate, the use of which does not present a risk of TSEs nor hampers controls of proteins potentially posing a risk of TSEs.
The prohibitions provided for in Article 7(1) and (2) shall not apply to:
ml of this agar must be introduced into a petri dish of 85 mm diameter, resulting in a depth of 2,6 mm of agar.
ginger  means the edible root of the ginger plant'.
If the tests show a change in the resistance pattern compared to the original figures, the resistant bacteria must be examined for cross-resistance to relevant antibiotics used for treatment of infectious diseases in man and animals.
If escape hatches are fitted they shall be positioned as follows: if there is only one hatch, it shall be situated in the middle third of the vehicle; if there are two hatches, they shall be separated by a distance of at least 2 m measured between the nearest edges of the apertures in a line parallel to the longitudinal axis of the vehicle.
The reopening system may be checked by means of a test bar having a section of height 60 mm, width 30 mm with corners radiused to 5 mm.
The floor escape hatch lock, and not the movement of the hatch itself, shall actuate this device.
Ejectable types shall not become totally detached from the vehicle when operated such that the hatch is not a danger to other road users.
However, this requirement shall not be construed as precluding the possibility of locking the escape hatch for the purpose of securing the vehicle when unattended, provided that the escape hatch can always be opened or removed from the inside by the use of the normal opening or removal mechanism.
Its edges shall be rounded to a radius of curvature of not less than 15 mm.
Where Member States exercise the option to prescribe that the phosphorus, potassium and magnesium contents be expressed in the form of elements, all references in the Annexes to the oxide form shall be expressed in elemental form and the numerical values converted using the following factors:
After eliminating the ethanol, the quantities before and after inversion are determined by the Luff-Schoorl method.
Vehicle assembly and construction in the assembly plant(s), in particular the processes relating to the vehicle frame, chassis and/or body and the drivetrain, shall be covered by a quality assurance system to ensure that essential mechanical connections such as welds and threaded connections, as well as other relevant material characteristics, are checked and verified as appropriate.
Appliances used for sewing, knitting, weaving and other processing for textiles Irons and other appliances for ironing, mangling and other care of clothing Toasters
Whereas it has been shown that teats and soothers, made of elastomer or rubber, may release N-nitrosamines and substances capable of being converted into N-nitrosamines (N-nitrosatable substances);
Whereas it is necessary to act immediately and therefore this Directive is limited to establishing specific rules regarding the release of N-nitrosamines and N-nitrosatable substances from elastomer or rubber teats and soothers, postponing to a more general directive regarding elastomers and rubber the solution of other problems concerning teats and soothers;
permit, as from 1 April 1994, the trade in and use of teats and soothers complying with this Directive,
The information must include the particle size, critical temperature and, as appropriate, the absolute time, pressure profile, raw material feed-rate and fat recycling rate; and • are accompanied by a health certificate as provided for in Article 29(6).
Revision rates of quarterly data Revision rate for key quarterly variables be­ tween the first and the latest transmissions and average revision rate in subsequent transmissions since the first transmis­ sion Seasonally and calendar ad­ justed gross domestic prod­ uct volume (Table 1) Seasonally adjusted total em­ ployment in thousands of persons (Table 1)
Ties, bow ties and cravats (excluding articles of silk or silk waste, knitted or crocheted)
Transfers (decalcomanias); calendars; electronic —
Production figure should include Polymer-Modified Asphalt.
When treated with medication which carries a risk of inducing hypoglycaemia (that is, with insulin, and some tablets), the following criteria should apply:
Connectors for timber, split ring connectors, cylindrical steel and wood dowels, wood screws, threaded bolts, wood nails.
Member States may allow assurance undertakings with head offices in their territories, and whose buildings and land covering their technical provisions exceed, at the time of the notification of this Directive, the percentage laid down in Article 22 (1) (a) a period expiring no later than 31 December 1998 within which to comply with that provision.
bitum• 06 99 wastes not otherwise specified • 13 03 carbon black wastes from fuel storage and preparation of coal-fired power plants 10 03 02 anode scraps 10 03 18 carbon-containing wastes from anode manufacture other than those mentioned in 10 03 17 10 08 13 carbon-containing wastes from anode manufacture other than those mentioned in 10 08 12 • 08 14 anode scrap
Carrots, turnips, salad beetroot, salsify, celeriac, radishes and similar edible roots, fresh or chilled 0707 00
Peel of citrus fruit or melons (including watermelons), fresh, frozen, dried or provisionally preserved in brine, in sulphur water or in other preservative solutions 0904 21 10
In order to ensure that the Programme is sufficiently flexible to respond to changing needs and corresponding policy priorities throughout its duration, the power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 TFEU should be delegated to the Commission concerning modification of the percentages set out in the Annex to this Regu­ lation for each group of specific objectives that would exceed those percentages by more than 5 percentage points.
Using noise protection walls, natural barriers or embankments to screen noise sources.
The stratum corneum and its lipid composition should be sufficient to resist the rapid penetration of cytotoxic marker chemicals, e.g. SDS or Triton X-100, as estimated by IC50 or ET50 (Table 3).
The total quantity of citrate used for these processes must be approximately 100 ml. Rinse the pestle and mortar above the graduated flask with 40 ml of distilled water.
Depending on the characteristics of the opacimeter, control of sample pressure can be achieved by a fixed restriction or a butterfly valve in the exhaust pipe or extension pipe.
The data will be contained in a column extending from 30 mm to the left of the right-hand margin of the box to that margin.
The actual alcoholic strength by volume indicated on the labelling of liqueur wines, semi-sparkling wines and aerated semi-sparkling wines shall be expressed as a unit or half-unit percentage by volume.
Whereas the development of combined transport would also be facilitated by stimulation measures and whereas it is therefore appropriate to reduce taxation on the use or possession of commercial vehicles to the exent that they are carried by rail and to exempt initial and final road haulage legs from compulsory tariff regulations;
This ·apparatus consists of a pendulum whose pivot is supported by ball-bearings and whose reduced mass (1) at its centre of percussion is 6,8 kg.
The lower extremity of the pendulum consists of a rigid headform 165 mm in diameter whose centre is identical with the centre of percussion of the pendulum.
Maximum valve lift, opening and closing angles in relation to the dead centres, or data concerning the settings of other possible systems:
The restriction proposed in the Annex XV dossier aims to reduce the incidence of severe methanol poisoning following consumption by chronic alcoholics and sporadically by non-alcoholics of windscreen washing fluids or denatured alcohol used as a cheap substitute for consumable alcohol.
The mixture of 25-hydroxylcholecalciferol with vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) is allowed, provided that the total amount of the mixture does not exceed 0,125 mg/kg complete feedingstuff. Without a time limit
NOT TO BE USED IN COSMETIC SUNSCREEN PRODUCTS // // // // //
Specify according to the family corresponding to halogen.
Launching appliances using fall and winch (davits)
Positive tests for cations and for fatty acids
, distillation and storage residues; Coal tar solids residue (Coke- and ash-containing solid residues that separate on distillation and thermal treatment of bituminous coal high temperature tar in distillation installations and storage vessels.
Composed primarily of coal tar and carbonaceous particulate matter.)
the nutrient profile of the product established as provided for by Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. The addition of a vitamin or a mineral to a food shall result in the presence of that vitamin or mineral in the food in at least a significant amount where this is defined according to the Annex to Directive 90/496/EEC.
A unique sympathomimetic agent, which is structurally similar to adrenaline.
Addition of adrenaline may prolong the effect to two hours, but runs the risk of cutting the local blood supply, and this combination therefore is unsuitable in a number of conditions.
The placing on the market, including the import, of guano from wild sea birds is not subject to any animal health conditions.
Quality control and storage of the isolates The laboratories designated by the competent authority to perform the antimicrobial susceptibility testing of the isolates included in the harmonised monitoring programme, shall be involved in a quality assurance system including proficiency test set up either at national or Union level, in identification, typing and susceptibility testing of the bacteria targeted by the harmonised monitoring of AMR.
Ventilation ducts shall be provided with hatches for inspection and cleaning.
Anise, badian, coriander, cumin, caraway, fennel and juniper berries, raw 01.28.15
Lac, balsams and other natural gums and resins 02.30.2
Cooking and other preparation services for potatoes and potato products; sub-contracted operations as part of manufac­ turing of processed and preserved potatoes 10.31.91
Prepared perishable food products such as sandwiches and fresh pizza 10.89.17
Clasps, frames with clasps, buckles, buckle-clasps, hooks, eyes, eyelets and the like, of base metal, of a kind used for clothing, footwear, awnings, handbags, travel goods or other made-up articles; tubular or bifurcated rivets, of base metal; beads and spangles of base metal 25.99.26
Keyboard pipe organs, harmoniums and similar instruments; accordions and similar instruments; mouth organs; wind instruments 32.20.14
they are destined for uses not prohibited by Article 7, • a written agreement with the third country is made prior to exportation, which includes an undertaking from the third country to respect the final use and not to re-export the processed animal protein or products containing such proteins for uses prohibited by Article 7.
Vacuum evaporation apparatus with round flasks of different capacities.
Whereas, in order to comply with the industrial application criterion it is necessary in cases where a sequence or partial sequence of a gene is used to produce a protein or part of a protein, to specify which protein or part of a protein is produced or what function it performs;
Whereas a plant grouping which is characterised by a particular gene (and not its whole genome) is not covered by the protection of new varieties and is therefore not excluded from patentability even if it comprises new varieties of plants;
ICES statistical division III d (commonly known as the Baltic Sea) The waters of the Baltic Sea and its dependent gulfs, bights, and firths bounded to the west by a line from Falsterbo Light on the south-west coast of Sweden across the southern entrance of the OEresund to Stevns Light; then along the south-east coast of Zealand; then across the eastern entrance of the Storstroem Sound; then along the east coast of the island of Falster to Gedset; then to the Darsser-Ort on the coast of Germany.
Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to Apiaceae (Umbelliferae) (caraway, celery, coriander, dill and fennel) or to anethole.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for oranges, mandarins and maize grain no information was available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
Reversal of a trend shall be indicated by a blue dot on the map.
Buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, yogurt, kephir and other fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavoured or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa.
Pyrroloquinoline quinone disodium salt is a reddish–brown powder produced by the non-genetically modified bacterium Hyphomicrobium denitrificans strain CK-275.
Regulation (EC) No , as amended by Regu­ lation (EC) No (3), permits the use of liquid pepsin for the detection of Trichinella in meat and estab­ lishes its requirements when used as a reagent in methods of detection.
(Dry curing process involves dry application of curing mixture containing nitrites and/or nitrates, salt and other components to the surface of the meat followed by a period of stabilisation/maturation).
The mortality or other adverse effects/disease in both control and treated fish is less than 10 % at the end of the test; where the test is extended over several weeks or months, death or other adverse effects in both sets of fish should be less than 5 % per month and not exceed 30 % in all.
The combined vitamin stock solution is prepared by adding the 3 vitamins to 1 litre water, as shown below:
However, this Directive shall not apply to the products defined in Part A of the Annex when they take the following forms: icing sugars, candy sugars, sugars in loaf form.
Place the plate for 10 minutes in the chromatography tank with iodine vapour (6.3) and interpret the two-way chromatogram using the Rf and colour values of the reference substances chromatographed at the same time (Table II gives a guide to the Rf values and colours).
one bath or shower connected up to hot and cold potable water per accommodation unit or per six crew members;
It is a convenient round number for reference purposes and is only loosely related to manufacturing dimensions.
ex 1905 90: pre-cooked or cooked pizza or quiche filled or covered with animal products;
If coconut fibres have been rubberised with latex, then compliance with criterion 7.1 for restricted substances and VOC emissions shall be demonstrated.
Salad dressings, mayonnaise and spicy sauces shall be packed as single portions.
Random testing for histamine shall be carried out to verify compliance with the permitted levels laid down in Regulation (EC) No 2073/2005.
obtained at an airport situated in a third country listed in Attachment 4-D, on condition that the LAG is packed in a STEB inside which satisfactory proof of purchase at airside at that airport within the preceding 36 hours is displayed.
Printed books, brochures, leaflets and similar, albums and books for childr4901.99fd p/st
Articles and accessories for billiards (excluding mechanical counters, time meters and cue racks)
manure, non-mineralised guano and digestive tract content;
The solution is subjected to fermentation by the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae which leaves the lactose intact.
Cheeses made from milk that has undergone a lower heat treatment than pasteurisation (7) and ripened cheeses made from milk or whey that has undergone pasteurisation or a stronger heat treatment (7)
The information requested shall be provided, in the case of undertakings, by their owners or their representatives and, in the case of legal persons, companies or firms, or of associations having no legal personality, by the persons authorized to represent them by law or by their statutes.
diploma di medico specialista, rilasciati dal rettore di una universita' (diploma of specialized doctor, granted by a rector of a university);
Hormones, derivatives thereof; other steroids, used primarily as hormones 35250 (*)
,4-D shall be analysed in 2013 in wine; in 2014 on oranges/man­ darins and in 2015 on aubergines, cauliflower and table grapes.
The infection of mosquitoes by the bacteria may reduce the ability of some mosquitoes to transmit certain pathogenic viruses and parasites by interfering with those pathogens within the mosquitoes, and promotes the reproduction of infected females mosquitoes and the spread of the bacteria in the mosquito population.
Solanum lycopersicum, rootstocks of tomato and interspecific hybrids Class 4.3
Encompasses the transmission of sound, images or other information by telephone, telex, telegram, radio and television cable and broadcasting, satellite, electronic mail, facsimile services etc., including business network services, teleconferencing and support services.
Other natural and/or nature-identical flavouring substances as defined in Article 1(2)(b)(i) and (ii) of Directive 88/388/EEC and/or flavouring preparations as defined in Article 1(2)(c) of that Directive may additionally be used, but the flavour of these drinks is largely attributable to distillates of caraway (Carum carvi L.) and/or dill (Anethum graveolens L.) seeds, the use of essential oils being prohibited.
Beds , sofas, couches, tables, chairs, cupboards, chests of drawers and bookshelves Lighting equipment such as ceiling lights, standard lamps, globe lights and bedside lamps
grapes (Vitis vinifera) groundnuts/peanuts (Arachis hypogea) hazelnut (Corylus avellana)
These could be e.g. mustard (Sinapis alba L.), poppy (Papaver somniferum L.) sesame seed (Sesamum indicum L.) earth almond (Cyperus esculentus L.), peanuts (Arachis hypogea).
Using the residue depletion data, the total residue burden in the standard food basket shall be calculated based on the observed residue levels at each time point on the residue depletion curve, so that the time point at which the total residue burden falls below the ADI is established.
For example, if the asset is work in progress inventory that is unique and market participants would convert the inventory into finished goods, the fair value of the inventory would assume that market participants have acquired or would acquire any specialised machinery necessary to convert the inventory into finished goods.
It concluded that concerning the MRLs for table grapes, wine grapes, lettuce, spinach, beans (dry), lentils (dry), peas (dry), lupines (dry), herbal infusions (dried, flowers) and hops some information was not available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
In the liquid state, whey contains natural constituents (on average 4,8 % lactose, 0,8 % protein and 0,2 % fats by weight of the product) which remain when the casein and the majority of the fat have been removed from the milk.
Mimosa pudica L.: Shameplant absolute / Shameplant extract / Shameplant oil / Shameplant tincture All species
The parts that can be contacted by a hemisphere with a diameter of 165 mm, as described in point 3.2.1, when approaching along the radius of zone A in Figure 1, shall be rounded to a radius of curvature of not less than 2,5 mm.
The machine excavates, lifts, carries and dumps material by moving either a boom, an arm and bucket (as is the case with a face shovel or a backhoe) or a bucket controlled by the winding-gear (as is the case with a drag-line or a clamshell).
Leave a margin of at least 25 mm or one inch on the left-hand side of the page and, if you use both sides, on the right-hand side of the reverse.
Industrial services for made-up textile articles, except ap- parel Group 17.5 Other textiles
Use only for control of vectors of malaria under the supervision of services of the Ministry of Health.
In such cases only the first part of the curve to the first of these points of inflection corresponds to the neutralization of hydroxyl ion coming from free sodium or potassium hydroxide.
Commission Decision 2008/264/EC of 25 March 2008 on the fire safety requirements to be met by European standards for cigarettes pursuant to Directive 2001/95/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council2 is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
The ignition propensity of cigarettes shall be reduced in order to minimise fires with ensuing fatalities, injuries and material damage.
For the purposes of this Decision a cigarette with reduced ignition propensity means a cigarette that self- extinguishes when not actively puffed, before it has burnt through its full length.
For the purpose of Article 4 of Directive 2001/95/EC, the safety requirement shall be the following: no more than 25 % of a batch of cigarette specimens to be tested shall burn through their whole length.
The stored potatoes shall be used within their optimal storage window.
All shell fittings and valves required by this Regulation shall be of steel, bronze or other approved ductile material.
Such means shall consist of a door-latching mechanism incorporating a device that releases the latch upon the application of a force in the direction of escape flow.
cause the door latch to release when a force not exceeding 67 N is applied; and • not be equipped with any locking device, set screw or other arrangement that prevents the release of the latch when pressure is applied to the releasing device.
Where a Member State or the Commission provides software to enable authentication to a node operated in another Member State, the party which supplies and updates the software used for the authentication mechanism may agree with the party which hosts the software how the operation for the authentication mechanism will be managed.
node in one Member State shall be able to connect with nodes of other Member States.
Data integrity and authenticity for the communication Communication between the nodes shall ensure data integrity and authenticity to make certain that all requests and responses are authentic and have not been tampered with.
For this purpose, nodes shall use solutions which have been successfully employed in cross-border operational use.
The node operator shall communicate the metadata of the node management in a standardised machine processable manner and in a secure and trustworthy way.
Node operators of nodes providing authentication shall prove that, in respect of the nodes participating in the interoperability framework, the node fulfils the requirements of standard ISO/IEC 27001 by certification, or by equivalent methods of assessment, or by complying with national legislation.
Food enzymes the use of which is permitted within the Community should appear in a Community list that should clearly describe the enzymes and specify any conditions governing their use, including where necessary informa- tion on their function in the final food.
Traditional French preserved truffles
An example could be flavourings which are obtained by heating oil or fat to an extremely high temperature for a very short period of time, resulting in a grill-like flavour.
As the use of flavourings should not mislead the con- sumer, the other maximum 5 % can only be used for stan- dardisation or to give a, for example, more fresh, pungent, ripe or green note to the flavouring.
The two ramps are cooled down with liquid nitrogen, then the whole system is purged up to 0,1 mm Hg by opening the valves.
The provisions on the calendar for individual auctions of allowances covered by Chapter II of Directive 2003/87/EC con­ ducted by an auction platform other than the auction platforms appointed pursuant to Article 26(1) or (2) of this Regulation shall be determined and published pursuant to Article 32 of this Regulation.
completion of Annex I and any coordination of the auction calendar for Annex III;
Information concerning certain types of wine originating in the Canton of Vaud:
In Part A of Annex I to Implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1145 setting out the feed additives to be withdrawn for all species and categories of animals, in the table concerning vitamins, the L form of the vitamin menadione sodium bisulphite is included.
It must be forbidden to smoke, eat, spit or chew in areas where eggs and egg products are handled and stored;
The level of endogenous secretion of progesterone in the animals is variable, depending notably on gender, age, breed and sexual cycle.
It is therefore considered appropriate to include progesterone in Annex II to Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90 in accordance with the Annex to the present proposal for a Commission Regulation, which limits the use of progesterone to this specific purpose and product formulation.
PM measurement by sampling, over the full burn cycle, a partial flue gas sample, using natural draft, from a diluted flue gas using a full flow dilution tunnel and a filter at ambient temperature;
Add a few ml of hydrochloric acid (3.2), connect the flask to the vacuum pump and shake until the haemoglobin has completely dissolved.
Make the contents of the flasks in the first series up to 25 ml with the propan-2-ol-hexane mixture (3.1) (reference series).
The incubation period chosen (generally 2 hours 30 minutes to 3 hours) must be such that it will be possible to trace transmission curves with gradients suitable for accurate measurement.
It evaluates the ability of a chemical to elicit biological activities consistent with agonists or antagonists of natural oestrogens (e.g. 17ß-estradiol), however, its use for antagonist detection is much less common than for agonists.
Uterine tissues respond with rapid and vigorous growth to stimulation by oestrogens, particularly in laboratory rodents, where the oestrous cycle lasts approximately 4 days.
The Uterotrophic Bioassay relies for its sensitivity on an animal test system in which the hypothalamic-pituitary- ovarian axis is not functional, leading to low endogenous levels of circulating oestrogen.
Fasted blood samples from a defined site are taken from 10 randomly-selected P males and females per dose group at termination, stored under appropriate conditions and subjected to partial or full-scale haematology, clinical biochemistry, assay of T4 and TSH or other examina­ tions suggested by the known effect profile of the test chemical (see OECD Guidance Document 151(40)).
The H295R cell line expresses genes that encode for all the key enzymes for steroidogenesis noted above (11) (15) (Figure 1).
This is a unique property because in vivo expression of these genes is tissue and developmental stage-specific with typically no one tissue or one developmental stage expres­ sing all of the genes involved in steroidogenesis (2).
Prior to initiation of QC plate and test runs, the laboratory should demon­ strate that the hormone assay to be used can measure hormone concentrations in supplemented medium with sufficient accuracy and precision to meet the QC criteria specified in Tables 1 and 5 by analysing supplemented medium spiked with an internal hormone control.
It is the number of atoms in a given quantity of radioactive material that is detected to have decayed in one minute.
Mutations arising in a rodent are scored by recovering the transgene and analysing the phenotype of the reporter gene in a bacterial host deficient for the reporter gene.
methods for isolation of rodent genomic DNA, rescuing the transgene from genomic DNA, and transferring transgenic DNA to a bacterial host;
scaled proportionally without being stretched or condensed.
situation in which two or more natural or legal persons are permanently linked to one and the same person by a control relationship shall also be regarded as constituting a close link between such persons.
perfectly matching contracts included in the netting agreement may be taken into account as a single contract with a notional principal equivalent to the net receipts, the notional principal amounts are multiplied by the percentages given in Table 2, - for all other contracts included in a netting agreement, the percentages applicable may be reduced as indicated in Table 3:
R: 51/53 S: 61 calcium-P,P¡-(1-hydroxyethylene)bis (hydrogenphosphonate)dihydrate 400-480-5 R52-53 R: 52/53 S: 61 mixture of:
Hexavalent chromium compounds A1050 Galvanic sludges A1060 Waste liquors from the pickling of metals A1070 Leaching residues from zinc processing, dust and sludges such as jarosite, hematite, etc.
The surface to be tested must be so placed that the pendulum will strike the surface perpendicular to the point concerned.
If transgene expression is limited to a certain compartment in the GMO (such as a certain plant tissue), instability of regulation could result in expression of the transgene in the entire organism.
Actual torso angle'' means the angle measured between a vertical line through the  H'' point and the torso line using the back angle quadrant on the 3 DH machine.
A quadrant is fastened to the probe hinged at the  H'' to measure the actual torso angle.
Whereas pyrethrum extract, hamamelis virginiana, chry- santhemi cinerariifolii flos, echinacea purpurea, tanninum and natamycin should be inserted into Annex II to Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90;
For range hoods with automatic functioning mode during the cooking period and fully automatic range hoods, the delay time after which the product switches automatically into the modes and conditions as referred to in the previous point shall be one minute after the motor and lighting have both been switched off either automatically or manually.
In order to eliminate possible obstacles to the proper functioning of the internal market caused by divergent provisions or practices of Member States, and in order to keep pace with the development of electronic commerce and future challenges in the market for textile products, the harmonisation or standardisation of other aspects of textile labelling should be examined.
The HHI is calculated by summing the squares of the individual market shares of all the firms in the market.
02 03 wastes from the production of anodes for aqueous electrolytical processes 20 01 41 wastes from chimney sweeping • Hazardous
Principle The aldehydes in the test solution, and the formaldehyde in a comparison solution, react with Schiff's reagent to produce red coloured complexes, the intensities of which are compared.
With regard to antimicrobial resistance testing, the Opinion indicates the importance to provide detailed information on the Salmonella serovar for each isolate and to harmonise the breakpoints applied for resistance assessment and reporting.
No deferral if well Hepatitis A or hepatitis B vaccines No deferral if well and if no exposure
As regards the Swiss Confederation, the legal standards on the protection of personal data have binding legal effect at both Federal and cantonal level.
The Act applies to the processing of personal data by Federal bodies and by the entire private sector, and to processing operations carried out by cantonal bodies pursuant to Federal law, where such processing is not subject to cantonal provisions on data protection.
Most of the cantons have adopted legislation on data protection for the areas for which they are competent, in particular public hospitals, education, direct cantonal taxes and the police.
Whatever the source and content of the cantonal provisions, or even if no cantonal provisions exist, cantons must adhere to the constitutional principles.
The gauze shall have a hole cut in the asbestos part of the same diameter as the base of the flask. Heat the liquid to boiling point over a period of about two minutes and simmer gently for exactly 10 minutes.
Ashing crucibles, platinum or quartz, of suitable capacity.
replaced by the following: The radius as applied to the leading edge of the front mudguard shall not be larger than 0,70 times the thickness of the mudguard, as measured at the leading edge (e.g. in case of a round bead on the edge of sheet metal, the diameter of the bead is taken as the relevant thickness).’
The dry substance is finely pulverized in a mortar and is put into the capillary tube, fused at one end, so that the filling level is approximately 3 mm after being tightly packed.
Sufficiently accurate and quick determinations of density may be obtained by floating hydrometers, which allow the density of a liquid to be deduced from the depth of immersion by reading of a graduated scale.
Arrange the pile across the draught in a fume cupboard.
Air transport services of passengers and freight, except transport of mail
IP address must be in format of 'x.x.x.x' and the range of each number is 0-255
Enter the ownership share in percent
Please replace your link here with the new link below.
The little Greenlandic girl longs terribly for home and finds only comfort in her little brother and her soulful doll, while her Danish parents' marriage creaks heavily and the younger brother suddenly disappears.
You can also browse our site to get inspiration and find your perfect hotel that way, instead.
The results of the study show that the project could prove economical for both countries and generate combined net benefit for the two counties in the amount of EUR 2.9bn, or about ISK 400bn.
Our success manifests among other things in that the majority of the 500 companies, who became Landsbankinn customers in the first quarter, did so through our app or website. On average, the process of becoming a customer took 85 seconds.
A student's qualifications shall be evaluated with respect to the major subject of the doctorate. A student will be required to meet more extensive study requirements than those students who have completed a Master's degree within the Faculty.
With reduced working hours, the pandemic has revealed that many things can be done online and do not require in-person attendance.
Yeah, what's the point of having a downtown apartment if you don't have parties every weekend.
The body reads the mRNA and produces proteins that the immune system learns to recognise.
Toilet and bathroom are shared for the 2 top floors, as well as a television lounge.
Varahlutaverslunin Kistufell sells top quality parts from accepted manufacturers at low price and imports almost only goods from manufacturers that produce original parts for the auto manufacturers.
Inorganic arsenic was found not to exceed 4% of total arsenic concentration in 12 samples of fish meal.
Food which has been boiled contains little or no active enzymes.
He will describe the lecture tour on Soviet Russia which the Latvian Jewess Liba Fridland undertook in Iceland in 1923, the debate between the Lithuanian refugee Teodoras Bieliackanas and Icelandic socialists in 1946, Icelandic publications about the fate of the Baltic nations under communism, and the visits to Iceland by the Estonians Dr. August Rei and Johannes (Ivan) Käbin. Gissurarson's and Sturludottir's paper is a part of the joint AECR-RNH project on  Europe of the Victims: Remembering Communism .
The prices at Cosmos Hotel may vary depending on your stay (e.g. dates, hotel's policy etc.).
Allow notifications from the app if you are prompted:
Add the cream. Combine and simmer for a few minutes.
Use #DROPSCAL #TheMeadow to tag your projects on Instagram and Facebook, or join us on the DROPS Workshop for extra help and inspiration!
They may be sprayed with a leather protector.
Dozens of millions of victims of Communism need respect, remembrance and justice, in order to prevent any attempt of recurrence of Communist or any other totalitarianism.
Why So Many Filters?
Just as with physical health, where everyone is advised to take their daily vitamins, many small things add up to make a big difference in mental health.
The picture above shows the genes of the father (blue border) and the genes of the mother (green border).
The main themes of Kristín Eiríksdóttir's writings are longing for love and understanding and the struggle against isolation, loneliness, abuse, violence and horror.
It has, however, become a success with famous chefs around the world, the rhubarb is now quite fashionable.
Nearby Attractions> Bicycle Trails In the neighbourhood of the hotel there are many great bicycle trails where you can go for day tours.
Like many boys, he is a guys-guy and loves each and every superhero he can find.
Go to Google Play Store for Android tablets or Apple App Store for iPad
Urban Bäckström said that capitalism had not failed despite the financial crisis.
– Erkitid: Premiere of   Plecte Lapis II  for clarinet, keyboard, and computer by Atli Ingolfsson,  Caudae  for flute, clarinet, ciola, trombone and tape by Thorkell Sigurbjornsson and  Glerskuggar  for obo by Sveinn Ludvik Bjornsson.
When your body does not fit into what we consider a normal body, self-love and self-respect become a radical action.
The technology can be used in several ways, but in sum the AR technology is based on downloading an app to a smartphone or tablet which then gives life to the text or images.
With a light and comic touch the Football Opera explores the coming together of these two worlds; the excitement, thrill and joy along with the disappointments.
With humour and technical sensitivity both groups are in dialogue with Kling & Bang's trajectory of previous exhibitions; referencing the conceptual minimalism of the 1960's, Performance and Pop art.
The calculation is based on Helsinki municipality tax level (18 %) and the progressive state tax in 2021.
The results on the beneficial effects of proteins are new. The proteins help with weight reduction among young people that are too heavy, reduce certain types of blood fat and increase the antioxidant activity.
We have offered these services since 1993, when debit cards gradually replaced cheque books. Interbank system
You might not doubt the two individuals mentioned as being close friends of the author, but to find a dedication to AirBnB — seen as the embodiment of an evil travel industry eroding whole cities and cultures — reads like a macabre joke in the context of Frycová's travelling practice, which is an anachronistic anarchic adventure falling out of time, a one on one encounter with strangers and places as she drives through Europe.
Clients of those who do sex work are a varied population and like in other service jobs, a client is not an abuser before they abuse.
Term of appointment The rector shall be appointed for a five-year term, from 1 July to 30 June following the elapse of five years, cf. however item 11 of this Article.
Elin and Frami were also in the show and did an excellent performance, there are also some photos of them in the album.
The objective of the show was to showcase just how diverse drag could be, as well as to give performers an opportunity to present what drag personally means to them.
Remember you can always use Zoom or other apps/software if it's not possible to meet face to face.
Kumiko thought the money was real and went for a hunt.
Our rating drops from 13.5 to 9.7 on a scale to 100 and we move from second to first place.
An example where the Committee is likely to determine that continuing play after suspension is not justified is when a player hears the signal to suspend play but wants to make a stroke quickly prior to stopping, such as to complete a hole with a short putt or to take advantage of a favourable wind.
The protein used in COLLAB comes from FEEL Iceland, a company that is revered for it's collagen products, developed from Icelandic materials.
Members are all registered students at the University of Iceland.
This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. The Climate by Naomi Klein
The bank's key interest rate (the rate on seven-day term deposits) is now 5.5% and has risen by a percentage point since the beginning of June.
D:A restlessness in the sculpture. S: It's interesting that, no matter what the sector or profession,the experts have to agree on some sort of picture, model or paradigm.
Lines, arrows, squares and circles on a two-dimensional plane clarify many aspects of the research subjects, open the mind, shape thinking and render connections visible, as well as aiding me in developing theories.
The Cinema Series Filters for the DJI Spark feature a production level glass with a lower refractive index, leading to better image quality.
Sigurður Atli has adopted various printmaking techniques in his practice as well as working with drawing, painting, sculpture and photography along with installation and performance.
In April, we open Icelandic Graphic's 50th anniversary exhibition and during the summer we show an exhibition in collaboration with Reykjavik Arts Festival and their program Platform Gátt which focuses on young Nordic artists.
In this situation, the individual becomes a simple passive receptor, a spectator of an uncontrollable reality.
Would it be better if fewer buses parked together in one place?
I will show paintings, graphics, and postcards, everyone is welcome, it is an opportunity to explore a wide range of what Icelandic artists are doing.
There are more than enough good bars and clubs that can be recommended to visit and spend a great evening and night.
A few months later, there was a devaluation, to give the fish processing industry yet another shot in the arm, and providing me with an opportunity to take a closer look at the question in Vísbending.
When I googled  quotes about planning for the future,  two of the first ones I came across were  Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans  and  A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Moomin mugs serve a strange and obsessive purpose for people who are prepared to do anything for them: go to extremes to find the one unique design missing from their collection, even let themselves be tricked into buying a new mug that turns out to not exist.
The maximum length of time permitted for completing a Master's degree is eight semesters from the time of registration in the programme in question.
It may not be the most sexy part of life, but boy oh boy, it can really save your ass!
A flat-screen TV and private bathroom with shower are standard in each room at Litli Geysir.
Indicator 3.3.3: Malaria incidence per 1,000 population
*Overnight tax will not be charged this year.
We may say that the mantra, after absorbing the universe within itself, remains as a bindu, a point.
The University's first Rector, Björn M. Ólsen, Professor of Icelandic Grammar and Cultural History, interpreted the view of the University leadership well in his inaugural address for the school on 17 June 1911.
Another benefit which also makes the smart bracelet popular among many of the public especially fashion enthusiasts is its high-end and fashionable design.
For example, in stroke play, two players agree to consider putts within a club-length of the hole holed, when they know that they must hole out on each hole.
An X linked genetic condition is caused by a change in a gene on the X chromosome.
Rubens' life is told in eight independent scenes, arranged in chronological order, each depicting an event from the artist's life.
We see teachers who strive for the well being and learning opportunities of their diverse groups of learners. We see project partners and associates who work hard at fighting prejudice, discrimination and racism in their everyday work and life.
You are taken to a car park with around 6-7 other coaches, which does not make the experience as memorable as it might be.
A person who procures a completed abortion incurs excommunication latae sententiae, 76  by the very commission of the offense, 77 and subject to the conditions provided by Canon Law.78 The Church does not thereby intend to restrict the scope of mercy.
Hotel Laxá is a new luxurious hotel that was opened in summer 2014.
Bjarmó is a charming newly opened guesthouse in the heart of Akureyri.
At the concert, sponsored by the German Embassy in Iceland, they will perform jazzy arrangements of German Christmas hymns, including ones by Georg Friedrich Händel and Martin Luther.
There are various sizes and types of buses from 16 to 69 seats.
People often have to be admitted to a psychiatric ward because when the mania is severe, people are at risk of getting into difficult and even dangerous situations and that has a significant disruptive impact on people's life and existence.
my input into the feminist fight is to brag about that almost all of those arrangements are by me unfortunately this is something that is almost always ignored when women are arrangers
There will be six pickets, check this list to see which one your hotel should come to.
Icelandic communists fiercely attacked the authors of these books, some of whom had been in Stalin's prison camps, while others had witnessed communist oppression at first hand.
Kilja is a well raised and talented fourgaiter which we aim with on the round track in next years.
Each alternative can result in a 30-40% decrease in the principal on current loans.
The ALMA observations of Centaurus A shown here were taken as part of the Commissioning and Science Verification phase of the telescope.
The tube/resonator served as a bench, and every part of the gallery but the stage was for the audience.
The Icelandic telecommunications company Nova has a very simple motto: We form the biggest group of friends in the world. That's why their website needed to be friendly but also colorful like the company and its staff.
Service Map Photos Guidance The campsite at Drangsnes is located above the village in the northern part of Steingrímsfjörður fjord. The camp site offers showers, toilets, electricity and a sports field.
The people chose Barabbas, the scoundrel who seduced them with an enchanting aroma of bananas, plums and raisins.
Dacy uses her Instagram account as platform, but it has been shut down on several occasions because the pictures she posts, of her nearly naked body, are considered inappropriate and are reported by other users as child pornography.
Furthermore, the added GPS antenna is also another bonus the cellular iPad offers.
However the changed gene is dominant over, or overrides, the working copy.
Am I the kind of person who posts selfies with a beauty filter or the type who posts inspirational quotes?
It's just too much hassle and we don't want to have to work to find out about it and categorize it.
I wrote 50% of my new set in the hall backstage during trial shows.
It is important that most people realise that what people do in a mania does not indicate who a person really is and that it is unfair to judge people based on what happens in that state.
At Harbinger they contemplate art's promise of happiness through images and text that are created under the influence of cocktails and Thai food.
Runners can leave marked bags with clothing etc. on the bus to pick up in Ásbyrgi after the race.
The following are examples of target groups: (a) Everyone 18-65 years + in a 25 kilometre radius from Selfoss.
How we talk about women in relation to mental illness has been flourishing in society for a long time, the words have lost all meaning, all women are crazy and especially ex-girlfriends.
Many of the B vitamins are made by bacteria in the dog's intestines.
I was also skeptical at first; I mean, we've always just eaten the inside of the banana!
The first meeting will be Tuesday, September 7th, at 15.30, see more here.
These two varieties are coarser and juicier than regular spinach and there is also some difference in taste.
The fact of the gendered budget and program of activities and the fact that the political representatives running the City are avowed feminists has done little to better the lot of the low-income women who work for the City.
Use of drones restricted within Vatnajökull National Park
Both of these factors are grounds for a policy rate hike. We expect the MPC to respond late next year with a 0.25-point increase, presumably in November, bringing the policy rate up to 5.50%.
Easy-to-understand explanation of alcoholism and the Alateen program.
Most cells contain a complete set of genes. We have thousands of genes. Genes act like a set of instructions, controlling our growth and how our bodies work.
If the big boys don't know what branding is all about, what hope is there for small and medium businesses?
Opus Alexandrinum (1992) for cello and chamber orchestra, performed by Bryndís Halla and the CAPUT-ensemble, conducted by Guðmundur Óli Gunnarsson
In the work process I have been collecting various beats and different movements within nature.
The reluctance within the ASÍ to admit the shop/office workers reflected a long-standing antipathy to these groups, while politics were also a factor. The leaders of the shop/office workers' unions were members of the (conservative) Independence Party, while within the ASÍ radical socialists and communists were often dominant.
When you download or register to use one of our apps, you may submit Personal Data to us such as your name, email address, phone number and other registration information.
Members of Efling and bosses of hotels seem well informed on their rights and duties,  he said.
Kristin Sigurjonsdóttir violin and vocals, Jon Kjartan Ingolfsson double bass and vocals, Magni Fridrik Gunnarsson guitar and vocals, Helgi Thor Ingason accordion and vocals.
I make site specific sculptures and installations.
Upon arrival you need to inform the staff how many individuals will be joining the party, what toppings you would like on your pizzas and what drinks fit best for your group.
This filter is an excellent tool for cooling down the sky while maintaining zero color change of the ground.
In the night, satellite photographs illustrate well the difference between communism and capitalism:
This conclusion reached by our kinsmen in Norway is very interesting, especially considering that the decision of the registration authorities in Iceland was that 100% THATBITCH was approved for registration with the view that the phrase was potentially empowering for women rather than the opposite.
The work is written for clarinet, cello and double bass and divided into six sections in which the instruments play at creating their own voices in a weaving of sound based on differing unison and polyphonic passages.
Hallveig Rúnarsdóttir soprano, Elmar Gilbertsson tenor, and Snorri Sigfús Birgisson piano performed a premiere of the cycle in Hannesarholt in Reykjavík 11 March 2017.
With the musicians coming from the Reykjavík music scene and the song set to lyrics assembled from poems by artist Ásdís Sif Gunnarsdóttir, the piece becomes somewhat of a portrait of a certain generation of Reykjavík's creative scene as well as individual portraits of the musicians.
An overview of pathophysiology of swimmer's asthma is given and how it is connected to chloride that is used as a disinfectant.
The rear side of the iQOO 5 series features a triple camera system.
Hayek had also strengthened the argument of Ludwig von Mises for the unfeasibility of socialism, pointing out that the dispersal of knowledge required the dispersal of power.
She graduated with a BA in fashion and textile studies from the Iceland Academy of the Arts in 2004 and completed her further studies at University of Leeds with MSc in Advanced Textiles and Performance Clothing in 2006.
For example, if a player who starts the round with 14 clubs decides to replace his or her putter with another putter between the play of two holes and does so without unreasonably delaying play, the player is not penalized if he or she realizes the mistake and corrects it prior to making the next stroke with any club.
Would have allowed him to order a pizza and watch this nonsense into the night.
I had some experience with strength training and boxing at Mjölnir before so I did some private lessons there.
Step4 Navigate to web wechat official website with any kind of browser such as Safari or Chrome, then a big QR code will show up.
By their fierce campaign against the book, the Icelandic communists managed to delay the appearance of its second part until 1944, and then it was published by some individuals and not by the social democratic book club.
For example, you can add a logo that will be displayed if your header is using the dark skin and another one that will be displayed if the header is using the light skin.
His paper formed a part of a joint project by RNH and AECR, the Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists, on  Europe, Iceland and the Future of Capitalism .
It is not society, it is politics that separates itself from society, the politics maintain injustice, and injustice is a crime. People have an innate inclination towards solidarity and helping those in need.
It is an epic battle between the elements and a unique opportunity to get close to red-hot lava, see it flowing, hear it sizzling, and feel the intense heat that radiates from it.
Heida troubadour is working on a solo-album with material that can be performed with one voice and one folk-guitar.
The PolarPro Mavic 2 filters replace the stock UV filter enabling you to shoot through no additional glass elements.
You can check your walking distance, speed, heart rate changes, calories burned, and other key factors such as whether you are exercising in your fat burning zone or cardiopulmonary strengthening zone based on your heart rate, as well as receiving instant alerts when your heart rate gets too high.
You can filter hotels by price to show only those that match your budget, or you can sort by price to display the cheapest hotels first.
With more decisive diagnosis we could be able to reduce use of computerized tomography and in that way reduce cost.
Gudvangen (1883) by Norwegian painter Georg Anton Rasmussen is the oldest painting in the Hotel Holt collection and can be found in Thingholt along with two bronze and silver works by Swedish sculptor Walter Bengtsson, Afródíte / Afrodite (1967) and Stórveldin / The Superpowers (1975).
Here we have some cherries, cedar and lyng berry in the aroma. The taste is smooth and has a cherry, graham cracker and lyng taste, the wine has a good balance og fruit and tannins.
As an user you will benefit from the following features: - Browse your files and folders - View, open and share files directly from your device - Store files from other apps on your share - Decide how long a file will stay on your device - Decide how you will open or view a file - Get access to files from external partners in the same App - Always be in sync with the corporate file server - Always have access to the latest version of the file
Many Icelandic leftists also worked as volunteers on Castro's sugar plantations, including literary critic Silja Adalsteinsdottir, also for a while editor of The Nation's Will, and labour leader Pall Halldorsson.
Hosted by acclaimed literary writer and television host Jessika Gedin, the audience can look forward to stellar performances by Västerås Sinfonietta and chief conductor Cathrine Winnes, the Icelandic duo Hugar, breakthrough group The Mamas, and many more.
All over his home one sees his artistic touch and recognises motives from his two- and three-dimensional works.
D and Ed. The goal of the doctoral programme is to bolster the abilities of candidates in independent scientific research and scholarly activities.
The hot tubs have a health water in them that comes from a drilling hole by Hofsstaðir. The water is good to treat all sorts of skin problems such as exem and psoriasis.
She continues to talk about Mark Watson and the Icelandic sheepdog.  I understand he took his first dogs to California. Then returning to England his stock was somewhat reduced, as he lost several to a virus called Hard Pad at that time.
It is a series called soil nr 6.
Waders (dunlin, knot, sandpipers and stints) breed almost exclusively in the Arctic with total populations of individual species of up to 3.5 million birds, some of them also using the tundra wetlands.
If you have something not belonging there please contact some of our staff.
Usually until 01:00 a.m. entrance to many clubs is free.
He mostly uses video but in many ways his work could as easily be classed as music.
As Icelandic pharmacies and drug firms modelled themselves mostly upon Danish firms tablet production was first instituted in Iceland around 1930.
The main command loop has 6 subcommands (plus help and quit). status
Since then, she has sometimes spent more time behind the wheel of a tractor than on her studies.
Aluminium-free, botanically based formulation containing Zinc Ricinoleate and a considered blend of essential oils, including Rosemary, Sage and Eucalyptus, to help mask disagreeable body odours.
That can happen to people after severe alcohol consumption but has nothing to do with mania, where people even behave completely opposite to their actual character.
The programme includes courses, organised walks around campus, mentor mingle, reception with music and light refreshments, School welcome meetings and social events.
Microbial growth and enzymatic processes lead to rapid loss of original quality in fresh fish and seafood.
Teams can also be assigned mentors for the implementation process, to work on certain aspects of the idea.
Start your day with our delicious, varied, high-quality breakfast. Daily from 07:30 till 11:00.
ÞMÞ: Right, I've been involved in organizing them. There are others who are more interested in politics and understand that better, but I've been really involved and organized events and performances in conjunction with the strikes.
When you finish the quiz, you'll have your logo ready in no time.
Despite the shocking propaganda campaign of the Icelandic elite conducted against the interests of taxpayers and the general public, voters were not fooled.
Instead of wallowing in the fact that my jealousy was a sign of bad character (which my character usually is in the morning), I thought to myself that my jealousy was a sign of them doing something I would like to be doing but didn't dare to do myself.
RU is a member of NORDTEK - a network of Rectors and Deans in the technical universities of the Nordic countries.
Peppers are especially rich in vitamins B and C; the red fruits contain three times the amount of vitamin C compared to oranges, and the green fruits twice the amount.
Each cylinder is fitted with a cylinder valve tailored to suit the gas and pressure requirements.
If you wish to have a Danish mobile phone number without being registered with the National Register, you can avail yourself of pre-paid phone cards, which can be purchased in kiosks and at petrol stations.
Your former colleagues at the IMF last year cautioned against a banking crisis, but this massive debt has up to now had rather little impact.
Place the potatoes in an oven dish and press and squeeze them slightly to brake the skin.
Such vaccines contain virus particles that have been rendered incapable of reproduction, added to which is the genetic material for the protein that is most important to the immune system in the fight against the coronavirus.
The Nordic governments finance the organisations of the women's movement at least on a par with other organisations in civil society so that feminism has an impact and true gender equality is attained in society.
Icelandair offers frequent cheap flights to Manchester from North America for an afternoon at Old Trafford, followed by pints in a pub or an all-nighter at a club.
At the commencement of doctoral studies, the Faculty's research-based study committee shall, in consultation with the student, assign the student an academic supervisor in the relevant field.
This intuitive way of logging into your device ensures secure access to your drone and its onboard data storage, thus preventing leakage of sensitive information.
Unlike other pieces in the same series, in this work Erró brings together portraits of artists associated with the same school of art, works by German expressionists such as Bechmann, Dix, Felixmüller, Grosz, Kirchner, Kokoschka, Schiele etc.
The most persistent people can go to such clubs, where entertainment lasts from Saturday to Monday evening.
Genetic and epigenetic changes of genes involved in the DDR can increase the risk of developing cancer.
Guja Sandholt lives in Utrecht and Reykjavík and performs regularly in the Netherlands, Iceland and internationally. She enjoys a busy schedule as a soloist and ensemble singer. She is also the Artistic Director of Reykajvík Opera Days, a festival dedicated to the classical vocal arts.
Towards modernity in Icelandic design The Museum of Design and Applied Art's summer exhibition focuses on a few aspects of the arrival of modernism in Icelandic domestic interiors from about 1930 and into the 1980s.
What will happen to society, politics, and daily life when non-conscious but highly intelligent algorithms know us better than we know ourselves?
The starting point of Þór's works is form and color, the basic foundations of art. They are not intended to give us concrete meaning, but they first and foremost create an experience of form and space.
Guitarist Jón Hilmar holds his first solo concert in three places in Austurland.
This policy has a common denominator in the proliferation of power plants that took place in Iceland in the early twentieth century when the farmers Bjarni in Hólmur, the brothers from Svínadalur, and others build turbines from coastal eruptions and power plants for all those who needed them.
Federico Fernandez from the Austrian Economics Institute in Vienna spoke about the bankruptcy of socialism in Venezuela.
All the app modules are controlled from a web-based system accessible where ever you are in the world.
They might not have access to a safe place to service clients and are more exposed to abuse if they have to go to a safe location, where they don't know the exits and it can be more difficult to seek help if they are abused.
It was cozy yet spacious, unassuming but colorful, earnest and playful at the same time.
However, it is very good to store tomatoes on the kitchen table, because then members of the household can nibble on a tomato once in a while.
Broccoli is high in fibres and a great alternative to spinach for people who lack iron.
The club has an excellent billiard room, there is also a beautiful bar with an abundance of treats and signature cocktails.
Polar Amoroq takes 1660mtr Atlantica troll from Isfell.
(i) Freight shall be payable on actual gross intake weight or measurement, or on actual gross discharged weight or measurement, if the Carrier chooses so.
Many municipalities offer inexpensive access to potato gardens.
Fish is rich in protein and trace elements such as iodine and selenium.
Amy Porterfield, started out as a Facebook guru but has expanded into online marketing in general.
By accessing, browsing and using our (mobile) website or any of our applications through whatever platform (hereafter collectively referred to as the  Platform ) and/or by completing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below (including the privacy statement).
Consider that it was perhaps not so much Ancient Egypt that built the pyramids, as it was the pyramids that built Ancient Egypt.
Good nutrition is very important for all older people, but especially those who are ill or have been diagnosed with chronic disease or dementia.
There is strong evidence that similar radioactive atoms were incorporated into the cloud that collapsed to form our Sun and planets, so the Carina Nebula may provide additional insights into the creation of our own Solar System.
Usage of drones has expanded since then, and the focus of the company has shifted from selling custom built drones to data services.
These situations also create a higher likelihood of the clients that end up actually taking the risk and coming to us think there is nothing wrong with breaking the law, which means that those clients are more likely to be dangerous.
Blood pressure is measured and urine protein is checked.
The fifth generation of Sandholt Master Bakers offer its customers new and exciting novelties from one of the oldest bakeries in Iceland, which opened in 1920.
Hildur: We're not doing any tricks on the skateboard, we just use them to get places.
The plan is then to delve deeper into each of those five themes in the coming year with five more books in the Marketing Untangled series, giving you all the tools you need to master this marketing thing;) I do hope you'll grab a preview.
Be careful not to have a lamp near curtains or other combustible materials and never put blankets over a lamp
Everything in this world comes and goes in it's own time. However, humans tend to look at things in retrospect. Humanity usually holds onto old traditions like Punk-retro-vintage clothing, neon colored clothing, fishnet T-shirts, and elegant style.
The range of collections reflects the diversity of the town's population, from an assortment of typewriters to cinema programs and serviettes to wasp nests.
I tend to go for relatively minimal and simple decor, as well as decor that resonates with me personally.
Sucrose tests are made and the amount of glucose in blood samples studied.
Aðalbakarí is a nice bakery and coffehouse at Aðalgata in downtown Siglufjörður.
This means that humanism will disappear as an unsynchronized primal provocation, a conclusion which will call forth the end to feelings of touch, smell, sight, and hearing.
Hayek argued that communism and nazism were parallel ideologies rather than opposites.
There are no additives, no genetically modified substances, no color, flavors nor shelf-life-enhancing substances, and they are free from hormones and toxins.
An elderly gentleman brought out his accordion and the entire assembly burst out singing; young and old reciting the same songs that have been sung at gatherings in the Icelandic countryside for generations.
- Pubs & Clubs Diamond Lounge & bar is a exquisite bar located in our Versace reception with a large selection of wines, whiskeys, beers and cocktails as well as your favorite coffee drinks.
The theme of Friðheimar cuisine is tomatoes, in many different forms.
There is also a unique doll museum with over 350 antique dolls and ca 40 doll houses; a toy theater with six performances daily; a wild-west town with an Indian settlement, pony riding, gold-digging and a saloon; furthermore trains, cars, boats and kindergartens.
But on closer examination it transpires that the forms evoke something tangible: broadly speaking, we can distinguish a human figure with a rectangular head, holding a bow in its hands.
Now, they grow 17 types of herbs at Ártangi, but mostly basil, coriander, green mint, parsley, rosemary and thyme.
I am a place right now where I write folksy-popsy songs and play in a singer/songwriter style built up around vocals and guitar.
My friend Ellen was making a lot of funny sound and positions to make them pose, but mostly they looked surprised
This fight against the headscarf has often been put forward under the flag of feminism but as the scholar Lila Abu-Lughod has rightly pointed out, feminism that tries to bring freedom to women by removing their freedom cannot be called feminism.
The leaves are sweet, with anise and a liquorice flavor, as well as a smell. The flavor comes from an essential oil called anethole, which is in the syrup and is the same compound that is found in fennel and anise.
The virtue of chastity therefore involves the integrity of the person and the integrality of the gift.
The Vatnsnes Yarn Advent Calender contains 620g hand dyed yarn from Vatnsnes Yarn, a pattern for a knitted shawl and some items related to knitting / crochet.
Therefore it is important to distinguish between servicing a client, where consent and pre established contract has been made, and when a client abuses the sex worker.
This could be due to the fact that people have high expectations of Nolan, making him an easy target for criticism, or the fact that the actors had to nail some scenes on the first take, as the film the movie was shot on is very expensive, so the acting may seem insincere.
That way, I can make pottery that feels plastic to the touch, or even rubbery.
Stops are made by various buildings such as Laxdalshús, Höepfnershús, the old pharmacy and Gudmanns Minde.
Nightclubs and discos are open all year round.
December 1st – Duo for Violin and Cello by Zoltán Kodály Performers: Sigrún Eðvaldsdóttir violin and Bryndís Halla Gylfadóttir cello.
In his compositions Páll seeks inspiration from East-European art music and can be described as organic linear tranformations with a spiritual undertone.
Growing kittens have higher energy demands than typical adults so kitten foods contain higher levels of vitamins and minerals and more protein than diets for adult cats.
You can contact Stefán or Hilmar if you want to join the club without going through the website.
Tannins, Flavonoids, Amino Acids, Calcium, Magnesium, Potassium, Iron, Chromium, Zinc, Copper, Carotene, Vitamin B and a lot of Vitamin C (one of the riches sources in the whole plant kingdom!)
However, there are a few things that come to my mind regarding the interplay between being an young woman and a feminist who is has recently moved to a small fishing village, and I would like to share my experiences of it with the hope of raising some sort of awareness.
There's a quirky humor that I've rarely seen before, and I found myself exploding into laughter many times for its simplicity and easy flow.
Earlier this morning President Piñera officially welcomed his counterparts, Presidents Calderón, Humala and Santos to the Summit, accompanied by the President of the ESO Council, Xavier Barcons, the Director General of ESO, Tim de Zeeuw, ESO's Representative in Chile, Massimo Tarenghi, and the Director of the Observatory, Andreas Kaufer.
But today I want to say it publicly and with a loud voice, that the Passion of Jesus is neither false nor a fiction.
I will stop using disposable masks and gloves. On occasion I will allow myself some hot water, shampoo and soap but otherwise I will base my lifestyle on organic products.
Beef Carpaccio, juice & smoothie Bar, grilled chicken and vegetable spears, salads, Eggs Benedict, real American Pancakes, pasta Tagliatelle and specially made gourmet baked goods from Haust Restaurant's bakery.
They are of friends; Bella D'arcangelo age 8; Kristian Emdal and Antoine Wagner; a self portrait of the artist; two pictures of the Japanese figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu; a drawing made after Michelangelo's portrait of Andrea Quaratesi; a scene of Belle collapsing in the arms of Le Bete from Jean Cocteau's 'La Belle et la Bête'; and a painting of flowers.
You end up not knowing the difference between jokes and what's not funny at all.
Home cooked diets If you are willing to cook for your dog, or prefer to cook for your dog, remember that meat alone is low in vitamins A and D and in calcium.
Where can I check if I'm on a priority list?
Scherzo (1985) for flute, clarinet, violin and viola
The venue was transformed into a city of the future, where stalls and bars had been set up to serve lavish street-food to all the guests of the party.
If a female carrier has a son, she will pass on either the X chromosome with the normal gene, or the X chromosome with the changed gene.
Windows will try to connect to the printer and ask for permission to set up a driver.
The Shutter Collection for the DJI Phantom 3 contains ND16, ND32, and ND64 filters for reducing the camera's shutter speed.
The design of these trawls has, among other things, used a computer simulator that has given measurements that are very close to the actual numbers in use.
Ranking, preferred programme, stars and guest reviews
The theme for this year's conference is  Anarchy in Crisis  – is the anarchist movement in crisis and how do anarchists respond to the global crises (climate, finance, pandemics, etc)?
The tomatoes are now grown all year, using state-of-the-art technology in an environmentally-friendly way. Green energy, pure water and biological pest controls make for tasty and healthful tomatoes.
In the popular music bars and discotheques of the coast, visitors will always find a cheerful noisy atmosphere, fine drinks, high-quality sound.
Access to electricity, toilets and showers at a campground is considered part of the property service and is therefore subject to VAT at the reduced rate whether the service is included in the entrance fee for camping or sold separately to guests of the camp site.
Amino acids and enzymes don`t work and so vitamins and other nutrients don`t get broken down and absorbed properly.
Ægir frá Móbergi - is one of few splash carriers that show no signs of it on his appearance.
Included in price is a warm overalls to secure your comfort on board, hot drinks and local refreshments,sea angling at the end of the tour and a grill of freshly caught fish once back in Dalvík.
The rooms at our hotels are different depending on the style of each hotel but they what they have in common is that they are all decorated in a modern scandi comfort.
I travelled a couple of times to Iceland from the Netherlands to collect photographs and instead of capturing moments I set them up, either in a studio or on locations that had significance meaning for my sister, such as Skorradalur, Nauthólsvík and various swimming pools in the area around Reykjavík.
The answer lies in Ayn Rand's rhetorical invocation of despair in her 1957 epic Atlas Shrugged:  Who is John Galt?  Simply put, when the state seizes the incentives and drivers of capital investment, owners of capital go on strike.
Guðrún Borghildur lines her mittens with upcycled cashmere sweaters to make them exceptionally soft inside.
a real double-decker thunder burger of the biggest sort, with ham, bacon, cheese, iceberg salad, onion, bell pepper, tomato and sauceapriku, tómati og sósu
The breakdown of proteins by microorganisms gives rise to unpleasant odors.
The lower part of the front is made of large stones with deep gaps between them and the higher part is relatively delicate and decorative.
Beyond the mind focuses on drawing, to draw from ones imagination.
In the process, the entrepreneur Helga Gísladóttir from Unnarholtskot finally received recognition, but she cultivated a new variety of potatoes (Helgan or  the Helga ) which received recognition as a premium potato, the only one of the three types of potatoes found in Iceland.
When I got a job as a reader for audiobooks at the Library for the blind I was charmed by the relationship between the reader sitting alone in the studio reading his book that will then be listened to by a total stranger in the the privacy of his own space.
Without vitamin A, the body's ability to produce the hormone TSH (which regulates thyroid function) is limited and the body cannot utilize thyroid hormone, even though there is enough of it in the blood.
Bipolar disorder is characterised by extreme fluctuations in well-being and mania is the high point of the fluctuations.
The exhibition Sanctuary consists of a selection of photographs from four interrelated series, which Einar Falur Ingólfsson (born 1966) has been working on during the last decade.
These two scenes are unified with a graphical technique in which the line is paramount; the diagonal line from the bottom right corner of the painting passes through both groups and blends into the picture space.
I believe that there is a mystical thread between the seen and the unseen that can never be torn apart, and that it is important to be open to the new and unexpected phenomena, whatever their form to understand who we are and where we come from.
As a young man, Olafur was a socialist for a while, but then he read works by Friedrich A. von Hayek and Ludwig von Mises which convinced him that socialism was not practicable, at least not in the traditional sense of central economic planning.
The feet are cleansed with nutritious Stone Crop gel and moisturizing Stone Crop mist.
First you need to apply mascara on the eyelashes.
What is the difference between the case for capitalism made by Rand on the one hand and by economists Friedrich A. Hayek and Milton Friedman on the other hand?
We are extremely proud of our staff members that are a group of talented people that have a mutual goal which is to offer our guests the best possible service while they stay with us. More info! Who we are!
The harmful effects of SO2 are related to when the compound enters the lower respiratory tract, gets into the lungs and can then cause more serious symptoms such as asthma and pulmonary edema.
At the lively cocktail bar the award winning  pharmacists  mix together exciting artisan cocktails to suite every mood; painkillers, stimulants, tranquilizers and even placebos.
Golf lessons are provided upon request with highly trained PGA professionals.
Setting holes where there is enough putting green surface between the hole and the front and sides of the putting green to accommodate the approach on that particular hole.
A different order of cohorts has been extracted and available here in the link handahof_bolusetning_hsn_2021.pdf.
It has long earned a special reputation for its sheep farming; inside, prize medallions and trophies cover entire walls.
Most of the action is deeply embedded in dust clouds and to see what is really happening astronomers need to use telescopes with detectors sensitive to the longer wavelength radiation that can penetrate the dust.
While we do have looms and studio space for dyeing and felting projects, we do not provide wool, yarn, dyes, etc.
Put your starting point in the first line/frame along with date and time.
The performing arts group CGFC did an enormous amount of research for a documentary about the potato, but this year it is 280 years since the first potato was planted into Icelandic soil.
The result is a cubistic film of sorts; a relentless and fragmented whole touching on the epic range of human emotion and destiny.
Vitamin C contributes to normal collagen formation for the normal function of the skin.
Benjamin Eiriksson was a staunch communist in his youth, attending as a student in Iceland Marxist reading groups led by Einar Olgeirsson.
We looked at the effect of the treatment on treatment complications, HbA1c, body mass index (BMI) and insulin requirements compared with multiple daily injections (MDI).
Atomic Cafe is a popular youth club where you can enjoy exotic snacks and dance.
When we were about to fall, we went to the café, and it was then that it could happen, while sat facing each other at the table fulfilling the most basic needs for food, drink, and rest.
On the top of the mountain is Fellskross, which was a sign of holy powers at the times of the vikings.
Heiða uses only a folk-guitar and her voice and plays slow, melting folk-music, whereas Berglind uses a computer and a mic and plays experimental party-electro.
As before, viewers are given the opportunity to ask questions through the stream by commenting on it.
In 2015 she was awarded the Image Now prize for her Sirkus Íslands series.
They had a few chances in the first set but unfortunately did not manage to take advantage of them.
Map of the course Hamrar / Kjarnaskógur This is a fun course and the most challenging in the area, it has 18 baskets and is close to the campsite Hamrar, the first fairway is actually on the campsite and players must throw the disk across one of the ponds in order to play the full course.
Each collection we create has a coherent style in a new setting, demonstrating the creative possibilities of revisiting the same idea infinite times.
Liskodisko is conceived in collaboration with our friends at Panimo Hiisi in Finland. This IPA is brewed with delicious peaches to make your summer as juicy as possible.
Blackbox is family, friends, fun, joy, enjoyment, drinks and dance and your favorite pizza is our passion.
Cooking: You can often reduce your plastic use by cooking items from scratch like pizza dough, yogurt, mayonnaise and much more.
The entire house has been painted outdoors, murals repainted, the door repaired, drainage was placed plus various bits and pieces.
After reading many applications, having numerous interviews and discussing the start-ups with the board of Aurora, we're very excited to announce the new start-ups that have joined us as of this week in our pre-accelerator programme!
You can challenge yourself with some traditional Scottish fare (hello haggis!) and investigate some lyrically named mystery dishes (such as cock-a-leekie soup, clootie dumpling and cranachan), but you may also be surprised by Glasgow's high-quality culinary offerings.
I'm excited to participate in the development of this dynamic area with Kadeco and urban planning firm Alta.
If it's getting a bit too chilly outside, you'll find plenty of restaurants and pubs to cozy up in across the UK.
One of the most important research areas of RNH is  green capitalism , the exploration of possibilities of solving environmental problems by defining property rights … Continue reading →
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria and microbes are currently responsible for the deaths of millions and cost billions.
Swedish Maze has made minimalistic and functional interior design for homes all over the globe since 2003.
In the sacrament of marriage God gives the spouses his protection, blessing and support for them to live the common life.
The book forms a part of a joint project by RNH and AECR, the Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists, on  Europe of the Victims .
The only right which people outside the fisheries would be deprived of, would be the right to harvest fish at zero profit, as the economics of fisheries (H. S. Gordon, Antony Scott and others) demonstrated: With open access, effort increased to the level of zero profit where total cost would be equal to total revenue.
The Bank held smaller bond issues in NOK and SEK under the Bank's EMTN programme in transactions amounting to approximately ISK 19 billion.
Cold sea water surrounds the places resulting in temperatures far below the growth temperature of V. cholerae.
After a traumatic experience like that I won't be able to smile fifteen times in a row to Gramps at Goosefoot-Lane, in the hope that he opens is old wallet so I can get my fix of CDs.
However, a good foundation of certain known vitamins and minerals is essential for each human body to function properly.
Isaiah, chapter 24, also portrays the great final cataclysm upon the nations, but shows that there will be one place that will shine forth as a beacon light in that dark night of world­ wide trouble, and that the people there will be found wor- Ephraim and Manasseh (these being the names of Joseph's two sons) and on the division of the land of Canaan these each received their own portion of territory in like manner to the other tribes.
The factory was an oasis in the worker's desert, and the cement produced there was poured into developing the country.
This flag is not only decorative but also quite practical, as you can use it again and again,  Clara says with a smile.
Salmonella outbreak in an Icelandic cargo ship.
Consumption of bread, bisquits, cakes and cookies, margarine, highly processed meat products, chips, sugared soft drinks and whole milk was lower in 2010/11 than in 2002 while consumption of whole grain bread, oat meal, fruits, vegetables, meat and cod liver oil was higher.
Other works include Movie Days (1994), Cold Fever (1995), Devil's Island (1997) and Angels of the Universe (2000), which was seen by half of Iceland's population.
Taking on this task meant a lot of research and development, developing the training materials, recording them, making them, sorting out all the technical stuff etc. etc.
In each case, the Supplier shall confirm the Purchase Order in writing within 2 working days of receipt thereof and send a certified copy of the Purchase Order to Norðurál by fax at 430-1001 or by e-mail at purchasing@nordural.is, or at the address of the Purchaser who sends the order.
By receiving forgiveness in the sacrament that lies at the heart of our process of conversion, we in turn can spread forgiveness to others.
Valuable leisure equipment such as golf carts, kayaks, drones, etc. is covered under the F Plus 4 Contents Insurance.
YOGA We offer lovely yoga sessions in our yoga studio in Þorlákshöfn.
They are sooo desperate because in between New Year´s Eve´s they don´t stand a chance, that´s quite obvious.
We do not sell mass-produced posters.
The Bac Ha Sunday market is in fact a sizzling meeting point for people from the nearby villages, whether they arrive on foot, scooters, buffalo-carts or horses to trade and come together.
The artist and producent Auður Viðarsdóttir (under the stage name rauður) introduces basics of electronic music on example of Soundtrap, a very popular and easy to navigate software. Soundtrap has everything you need to make good songs!
Hrefna involves and collaborates with different artists in her process and creates a dynamic conversation in the world within which she is working.
Ida Horowitz was a young and a very beautiful girl who Milton had dated in New York before Uncle Sam mercilessly separated them and sent him to stormy and isolated Iceland.
Equal access to food, housing, healthcare and safety are all things that concern women and that's why they should concern feminist and be a priority in feminist struggles.
From food, magnesium is obtained from dark leafy vegetables such as spinach and also from almonds, figs and nuts.
Halldór B. Halldórsson of Ísafjördur owned Höfdi at that time, and donated both the land and the cement for building the house; the farmers in Grunnavíkurhreppur parish each gave the worth of a lamb to cover other costs.
When the wearer is in exercise, whether he or she is walking, running, jogging, swimming or doing any other sports, the smart bracelet can monitor the exercise times, calories and other data in real time.
Away from the gloss, things are more down-to-earth at the Plaine de Plainpalais, which holds a big outdoor flea market twice weekly and a farmers market three times a week.
However, the shopper should also note that a  natural vitamin  bottle may contain vitamins that have not been extracted from a natural food source.
It is important that we have the correct amount of chromosome material, as the genes (that instruct the cells in our body) are found on the chromosomes.
In addition, a fluorescent dye called Nile Red was used to stain plastic particles, in order to tell them apart from organic particles such as cotton or wool.
The village is one of the oldest trading posts of the country and the population is about 170.
the one and only with grilled beef, panfried vegetable (onion, mushrooms and bell pepper) and Béarnaise sauce
The energetic radiation from these new stars strips electrons from the atoms within the surrounding hydrogen gas, ionising it and producing a characteristic red glow.
Because if someone hates it, it is more likely than not that someone completely loves it!
Fasten a button to one end of the bib (the button is buttoned between the 1 stitch in garter stitch and 1 knitted stitch at the other end).
The most common cause of death in Iceland are noncommunicable diseases that could be prevented by improved lifestyle, i.e. healthier food consumption and increased activities.
I invite you to one of the best bakeries in the heart of Reykjavik,
Scholars estimate that Communism cost about 100 million lives, and Nazism about 20 million …
In plasma cutting, plasma is used to melt the base material and transfer the molten base material away from the cut.
As the correction of the wages of approximately 1800 city employees would come into effect, it would be comparable to just under four Barracks annually.
What I do is to compose a sort of symphony in commemoration of them.
The material, its treatment and the edgy structure refer to the material characteristics of paintings, where canvas is stringed on a square frame.
Then pull the variable block (it has rounded sides) into where the number of sides are given.
The planning modes let pilots select the drone's flight path while adjusting overlap rate, altitude, speed, camera parameters and more, offering an automated mapping or inspection workflow.
For many years Kristinsson has given homes charm with his high-quality interior and furniture made of unadulterated wood straight from nature.
The Nordic Council of Ministers' will consider all of the perspectives brought up by the panels, keynote speakers and audience as it prepares for the climate negotiations at COP26 in Glasgow.
The idea was to combine laundry and socializing in nice, comfortable surroundings where you could eat, drink, read, do your laundry and browse the Internet.
If you are looking for a private flight we will have it custom made to your needs.
I happened to go to the canteen to ask, and then found out that at the other end of the canteen I had to speak to someone to get allocated a bunk.
The PolarPro DJI Mavic Hood is compatible with all PolarPro filters, and can be left on during storage/ transit.
Butter 2 Thyme sprigs Boil Potatoes with thyme until soft.
They have attracted a great deal of attention for their work that doesn't necessarily take place nor have connections within the walls of galleries or art institutions but more so with reality in its entirety.
These are important insights that Nordic journalists can benefit from when producing journalism from Russia or working with their Russian colleagues.
Grants are given for rehabilitation and treatment from a licensed physiotherapist, a licenced therapeutic massager, a massage therapist with a diploma from Fjölbrautaskólinn í Ármúla, an occupational therapist, a speech therapist, a nutritionist, an osteopath or a chiropractor. Psychological therapy
Rest assured, your taste buds are in for a treat, whether your style is browsing photogenic markets for first-rate picnic supplies, window-shopping the rainbow-colored creations at upmarket patisseries, noshing at classic neighborhood bistros or dressing up to visit glorified temples to gastronomie.
What I finally want to say is: If you suspect you are autistic, do not hesitate in checking it out.
I liked telling stories of our adventures and the fact that she didn't follow stereotypical gender roles.
He will not burden the plants with unnecessary care, and fuss, but will give them what they need.
The Board may grant signing authority for the University to persons other than the Rector or decide to entrust a third party with the administration of its assets or the carrying out of individual projects or tasks.
I almost had an orgy with my friend and my older female cousin but chickened out at the last minute and poured milk over them to stop them, like you do to the dogs in the countryside.
The second biggest problem for dogs and their teeth is that hard chews can break the teeth, leading to infection inside the tooth (called endodontic disease). Dogs can break their teeth surprisingly easily, just from crunching down on hard rocks, cow hooves, and other tough substances.
The Conference consists of the Rectors of universities that have received accreditation from the Ministry of Education, Science and Culture.
When I had all the furniture and some pictures on the wall it became a real home.
Just like the inside of the banana, the peels are full of nutrients, so it's high time we learned how to use them.
Thematically the series deals with tensions of the immaterial, the porosity of fact and fiction, and the process which collects itself into a piece of work, a painting.
A ballad of portraits, landscapes, and abstracts taken from her life during the last seventeen years, the work gives a sense of movement distinct from Sioux's previous work.
The appreciation of the ISK is doubtless a major factor in the overseas travel spike, as the currency has strengthened virtually without interruption in the recent term, boosting Icelanders' purchasing power abroad.
It is possible to be critical and earnest without being mean (which is a lousy trope that should be binned anyway).
We avoid wearing the same outfit twice on social media, parties or even in public.
Students also learn how to calculate their ecological and carbon footprint, work on ways of improvement and present ideas on changes to their own consumer habits to address the environmental and climate problems of the future.
It's a certain energy that draws you in. Maybe I even get a kick from working with such energetic people who are still figuring out who they are.
My friend Eyrun with her business RoRo who is now doing a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo to fund production of her Lulla doll.
It contains a full range of 25 amino acids and 11 micronutrients that have the perfect profile for human protein synthesis.
Previously a childhood disease, epiglottitis has disappeared in children and is now almost exclusively found in adults.
The Stokkseyri public swimming pool is cherished by regulars and visitors alike, a destination in the Árborg region that no one would regret visiting.
We are talking, or rather singing and shouting from the rooftops, abouta variety of flavors: coconut,pineapple and orange.
Please click on the link below to register into our club.
SHORTS: MEASUREMENTS: Fit doll size of approx. 40-50 cm, waist approx. 33 cm.
There isn't really a logical common drawer for those things so we don't know which drawer to put it in, and we forget about it.
Founded by seven pharmacy owners as Pharmaco for marketing and distribution of pharmaceuticals.
Solitude, moaning, desperation, and melancholy transpire from the first movement of Moonlight Sonata.
Our broad menu selection includes meat and fish dishes from superb raw material, vegetarian and pasta dishes, Indian dishes, a variety of soups and small dishes and a salad bar. We also offer some traditional fast food like pizzas and hamburgers.
The people who are behind these versions are of Satan.
In my final project Main D'æuvre*, instead of drawing and then creating the final item, I'm mixing those two phases together.
Contributes to normal protein synthesis and muscle function
We can still drive on parts of this road, past the major Christian catacombs, the tomb of Romulus, the arena of Maxentius and the tomb of Cecilia Metella, in addition to lots of smaller tombstones.
Strongly damaged forest-tundra vegetation in the Noril'skaya River valley.
The results also show that the close contact between Icelandic and English that has developed in the past few years has had the effects that Icelandic children are becoming more fluent in English, and a great amount of English in their linguistic environment and general interest in English leads to a greater English vocabulary and better adherence to English linguistic norms.
In Costa Daurada, it is difficult to find a nightclub or disco with the same genre.
On the basis of such practice, symbols and chakras have in fact become like windows that can open up another dimension, switches to turn on a light or ikons on the computer screen that we can click on with the mouse.
Maximum phase-angle (MPA) higher than 20 mrad can be attributed to pyrite if the rock is conductive and to iron-oxides if the rock is resistive.
The conflict takes the shape of a double edged sword. We adorn ourselves with unshakeable principles and have no qualms about voicing our opinions when it suits us, yet in between those heartfelt proclamations we faithfully serve the enemy by jumping into the rat-race.
Interior Design Welcome to my little spot of the world where I share my love for design, crafting, and all things pretty.
First part of the program starts on January 11th with online video training and sessions and on location training starts after February 22nd.
Helium is rarely used, since plasma formation is not critical to Nd:YAG laser welding with normal laser outputs.
Player B takes four putts to complete the hole.
I did a lot of ballet in Canada too, so I think it influenced me to be very melodic with my music.
For further information and booking, please visit the Reykjavik Excursions website.
To their surprise the artists discovered that in the south of Iceland is the largest banana plantation in Europe.
Maybe they can help you to find your new favorite book? TABITA
The oldest recorded sighting dates back to 1345 and can be found in Jón Árnasons collection of folk tales.
They have been fine tuning older products and having prototypes of new products made.
I try to have faith in myself, be impulsive and not too well prepared, I know it's kind of a cliché, but it's important that I trust my instincts.
Finally, we may mention the bakery on Fálkagata, sorely missed by engineering students and now standing empty.
Cut down the leeks, carrots, swede and chilli and add with the bacon and thyme.
It is generally stronger to advertise in niche media, reaching fewer people but the right people rather than taking out a whole page in the main newspaper or advertise on prime time TV.
I also want to see a lot more of practical courses for foreign union members, for instance informing them about the tax system of Iceland, which is confusing to many people, as well as the pension system, because I know that foreigners do not have this information when they come to the country.  She says that when she arrived here twelve years ago, simple matters such as the insurance arrangements for the cars were confusing to her.
We lived from day to day but sometimes we just couldn't make it work and we didn't eat for a long time.
Kaplan-Meyer graph showing time from cholecystectomy to diagnosis of common bile duct stones.
Among the first women to link the themes of feminism and socialism, she takes part in the workers' battles and fights for women's rights and the abolition of child labor.
The campsite reception will just be from 10:00-17:00 as well.
Grate the lemon and blood orange peel over the fish with a fine grater.
We use this filter most often when filming on bright sunny days when the native shutter-speed is reading 1/2000th.
His subject matter often includes social taboos such as politics and religion and his performances have often moved communities.
Rinse the rhubarb and cut it into small pieces and place in a saucepan with sugar, salt and water.
I could clearly see that Dad has been sneaking around and using my acne-makeup. Let us not forget that I can´t afford major bucks for some new cream at this time.
Trumpets, Timpani and the Birth of the Saviour at Christmas and New Year's
After the army left Iceland there were not many houses to live in so the Icelandic people moved into their housing.
In this respect, the series finds clever and genuinely honest ways to mock an aggravating situation: capitalist interest, and the system in which the world is set up to function, directly truncates attempts to inspire the use of renewable energy.
In 1962 he made sets and props for a short film by Éric Duvivier, Concerto mécanique pour la folie ou La Folle Mécamorphose.
Behind the billboards is a duo that calls itself The White Pube.
However he wondered whether the supervisor had also spoken to a fellow waiter nearby who was bent over tediously wrapping cutlery in napkins. Verkefnið Remember, there can be more than one right answer!
We were particularly interested in evidence of the manuscripts' usage, to be found, for instance, in the marginalia, the various notations or scribblings that the writers, owners, or users of the books put on their pages outside of the main text.
It was decided to make a poster and stickers with the message:  The Women's Shelter provides support and information in relation to domestic violence.
EU end users and Czech companies will be charged with additional 21% VAT.
On the contrary, long-distance relationships are a lot of work; everyone I know who has been in this situation can attest to that.
Throughout her carrier as an artist, Arnardóttir´s creativity continues to flirt with the fashion world, she collaborates with fashion designers, frequently teaming up with renowned New York based stylist Edda Gudmundsdóttir. Furthermore, her collaboration with Björk for the cover of her album Medulla, is exemplary of the way her art and design transcends genres.
Note the pickup is operated by Reykjavík Excursions and the bus is marked  Tour Pick Up .
The phrase 'we are all made of stardust' is one we hear a lot in popular astronomy, but where exactly does this dust come from?  says Emily Cannon, a PhD student at KU Leuven working with SPHERE images of red supergiants.
The logo is based on a compass concept which is a reference to traveling and new destinations, which the hotel certainly stands for.
For safety reasons, halogens must always be diluted with helium or neon.
Therefore, I ask again: why is it so common that Middle-Eastern women are portrayed as oppressed housewives who are completely passive to their husbands?
From the starting point, the viewer can also see the next video piece, titled 'ACCEPT CHANGE', in which I franti­cally trace the words 'ACCEPT CHANGE' into sand at Grafarvogur beach. The act is noticeably panicked and rushed, however, I'm doing the best I can.
How can you plan for a future when you don't know what you want?
The minimum wage guarantee will remain in the agreement. It guarantees a minimum monthly wage for full-time work, including premia, bonuses and additional payments.
Objective: Use of the levonorgestrel emergency contraception (EC) pill has become more common after being made formally available in pharmacies without prescription.
* Home connections for staff are 500 kr. per month, billed to the staff member's department.
The period for makeup and resit final examinations and assignments is after results from final examinations and assignments have been released; these dates can be seen in the University Academic Calendar.
Hopefulness and melancholy greet as we hear the anthem for the new world.
If a damaged, defective or recalled battery or device is noticed to have been carried inadvertently on board an aircraft, the passenger concerned must keep the battery or device turned off, protect it from accidental activation (also disabling any features that may turn it on), keep it on their person, and not charge it at any time.
Taste: farm-to-plate lamb and fresh seafood at a number of places around town, or create a picnic to enjoy at the botanic park.
The player takes normal actions near the ball before attempting a stroke, such as practice swings near the ball or addressing the ball by placing the putter on the ground near the ball.
This is naturally a strong tendency in the present day - one tends to hear this stylistic eclecticism in eastern European composers: Arvo Pärt, Sofiu Gubaidulina, Alfred Schnittke.
Objectiv: The main objective of this study was to evaluate the diagnosis and treatment of patients with migraine at the Solvangur Health Care Center in Hafnarfjordur.
Early in her years of education Sara became active in making exhibitions, both in the white cube environment and in the streets of several cities around the world, where she became rather known in the Urban Art scene in Europe.
Joining her on the panel were activist women from several countries who discussed their experience and vision regarding the struggle for equality.
The topics covered in their replies include, among others, the importance of feminist men, motherhood, activism, and sexual content censorship on social media.
There is also some outside cultivation on location, including Chinese cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, celery and turnips, which are grown on around 15 hectares of land.
Mouthwatering cheesecake with jam of green-tomato, cinnamon and lime Refreshing drinks
Come and enjoy a unique food experience at our restaurant, with tomatoes growing all around!
We believe that the future prospects of Ný-Fiskur are bright and are proud to hand over a sound company to the new owners.
Andrea Bocelli released his album  Si Forever: The Diamond Edition  on November 8th 2019 and the record expands on his number one record  Si  with brand new duets featuring Grammy-nominated British singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding as well as a brand-new song featuring Jennifer Garner.
The story of Bob and Hilbert is illustrated in Bárður Oskarsson's characteristic minimalist, sensitive strokes.
If I'm alone outside I start freaking out because I don't feel safe.
Driftwood necklace; driftwood, old panel and oxidised sterling silver.
The Planet Youth organisation, founded a few years ago, assists communities in implementing the Icelandic Model in 31 countries and more than 100 communities in Australia, Europe, Africa and in over 50 cities in Chile, Columbia, Mexico, and Brazil.
When all of the races have finished, we'll kick up a BBQ, Icelandic-style and mingle to some jingles while comparing times and wrapping up a hopefully fantastic day.
of fruits and vegetables, of which 35,745 kg of bananas
To ensure comfort and safety for all of our clients, we have plenty of room in our office including easy entrance and accessibility.
We have sold loads of single videos this winter.
Good for people with eczema and psoriasis.
The rapid rise in world-wide demand for cement and the growing requirements in the steel industry constantly pose new challenges for refractory technology: minerals and raw materials rich in alumina and magnesite are used to develop bricks, castables and moulds which are tailored precisely to suit the processes, temperatures and materials to be processed.
A cosy Café is attached to it, perfect to taste the homemade pastries and coffee afterwards. Exhibition
Swedish soprano Marie Arnet's career has taken her from Susanna in Mozart's Le Nozze di Figaro, (her UK debut at the Glyndebourne Festival), through to Berg's Lulu, which she sang in David Pountney's production for Welsh National Opera.
The exhibition  ARKITÝPA: Circular design lab  is defined by prototypes and work in progress, where materials, forms and ideas in the making are woven together in a visual installation.
Our guests have access to a fireplace seating area in the main building where you can always have coffee or tea.
Food containing high magnesium reduces the risk of colon cancer and inflammatory diseases. This important mineral has a positive role to play in chronic prostatitis, which can cause permanent pain in the pelvic and surrounding areas.
There are probably other words that can be used to describe a person that charges cancer patients and people with leukemia obscene amounts money, with promises of curing them, without actually doing anything, words such as: a fake, a fraud, a phony, a charlatan, or even a criminal.
It taught me an incredible amount to go through the music of that time, and that was where I got to know some of my favourite composers, such as György Ligeti.
The force that was needed to move the pendulum will take it further than was needed.
The taste has good cherries, lyng and medium tanníns to it with a hint of papríka in the background.
There is nothing wrong with savouringthe fancy and  glittery  things of life, as long as it does not weaken our knowledge of the importance of strengthening our human spirit in a sophisticated and practical manner.
If enzymes in the food are incapacitated due to heating, for example, the body needs to produce more digestive enzymes than otherwise to digest the food.
Reykjavík Jazz and Center Hotels invite you to a Jazz brunch at Jörgensen Kitchen & Bar.
Ujazdowska's work mostly focuses on body and gender in the context of politics, migration movements, class, borders and beliefs, as well as dealing with social and cultural constructions in philosophical, cultural and anthropological context.
Now you must have grasped all about the infrared thermometer.
Napo needs to drink more water but takes energy drinks, eats chocolate bars and takes a fever pill instead, ignoring the advice of the Boss.
Artiste in this context means a person who performs personally before an audience or by means of sound or video recording with singing, music, dancing, dramatics, circus acts or similar.
The soothing effect of alcohol is staged as a parody of the ideas that flow by its very with its very help.
That no matter how bad things get, the benefits of staying abstinent will far outweigh any short term relief that might be found in drugs or alcohol.
This hormone increases the sense of well-being, muscle development, boosts libido and sexual pleasure. It also works with other hormones to maintain good health.
Highly overused, it is repeated like a mantra and strategically positioned in the middle of the sentence almost like a decoration, an embellishment.
The pianist Edwin Fischer had no doubt that Beethoven composed the first part of the sonata by transposing that passage of Mozart's opera into C-sharp minor.
The North End neighborhood is the city's real-deal Little Italy, where pizza and pasta perfection is on offer and wine bars and bakeries offer an authentic slice of the continent.
Women who breastfed had significantly lower insulin levels than women not breastfeeding.
In 2004 she was made honorary citizen of Heidelberg, and in 2005 she received the highest order of the Dominican Republic.
If I come in and don't make people laugh with the first joke, then I've fallen into a hole.
of January 1997 (video picture captured with Snappy). Here you can see Ármann and Markús happily driving their cars.
They are simply covering for the worst sort of capitalist,  says Sólveig Anna Jónsdóttir, head of Efling.
As he explained in a letter to a relative:  A month ago I started studying Leonardo da Vinci's drawings of the human body.
Without adblocker, you will keep seeing online ads that distribute viruses and malware, compromising your data and computer.
We were actually the first participants in the first prototype of the study.
He has a minimalist, yet detail-oriented unconventional and experimental artistic approach, characterized by a marked tendency to transgress various genres and media.
Penne with chicken, bacon and mushrooms in cheese sauce.
Imagine a blend of drums, vocals in five languages, synths, guitars (one hand-made) and a Fela Kuti-style trombone pouring out of the four studios that were built.
The restaurant is tall and wide, with American posters and traffic signs on red walls.
She has performed as soloist with Iceland Symphony Orchestra, Athens Camerata in Greece, the Barratt Due Orchestra in Norway and the Academic Symphony Orchestra of the Zaporizhzhya Regional Philharmonic in Ukraine.
Woman with a Churn is, like many of Ásmundur's works of that period, a solid, massy piece.
The choice of material in the trawl is a major factor in achieving good results, and in recent years new and better materials have been emerging that have certainly resulted in better results and durability.
This is due to the fact that electric motors only have one moving part while traditional petrol and diesel engines have a whole host of components that could potentially need repair – from valves and pistons to cylinder heads and the fuel cap.
Iceland is at the northernmost part of the potatoes' cultivation area, so there is a lot of fluctuation in the harvest between years, depending on weather conditions.
Don't forget dates It's absolutely possible to go on a date online, for example by ordering some good take-out and opening bottles of wine in separate countries, but eating together.
When the afternoon passes on, the buses with the tourists leave and we get some peace to stroll around in quiet to inspect the small harbor, the green and black houses and the beautiful embroidery in the window curtains.
The source of these specifically unspecific types of information is usually the charlatan himself and the validity of these claims can not be properly confirmed.
Spirits are high, but at the same time everybody knows that the party will surely come to an end, soon.
The answer is that it hasn't, and it will not until Iceland as a country faces up to the racism that is extant here, both systemically and in the community.
A much lighter object would curve the surface of the trampoline much less: a feather would barely make a dent.
Besides, top DJs come to play music in various parties or events.
The goal of the RINGS 2017 conference in Reykjavik is to share knowledge about feminist research and to engage, critically, with the current rise of nationalism and populism from transnational perspectives. RINGS promotes thinking about the gender dimensions of new political, social and cultural trends and addresses problems relating to scholarly collaboration, resulting from geographical and geopolitical divisions and social inequalities.
I remember one party where very few showed up, maybe only my family, and I thought I was so uncool.
The first tribes were groups of hunters who killed giant mammoths on the plateau.
The map collection has 3 overview maps in scales 1:750.000, 1:500.000 and 1:250.000 and for scales 1:100.000 and 1:50.000 the maps are in section of each area. With this publication, it is now in the first time in Icelandic history that maps of scale 1:50.000 is published to the general public of whole of Iceland.
This plot contains more than ten times more stars than any previous study and it is the first time that this has been done for the entire bulge.
Our customers are all so different, and we've heard from them time and time again that buying our shoes is like buying a work of art.
Who do you look up to in this sport?
Girls and boys in 8th and 9th grade are at a vulnerable age, so it is often good for the sexes to work separately so that they can enjoy themselves on their own terms without the hormones controlling too much.
This coffee has a smooth caramelized body with flavours of marzipan and a hint of malt.
Náttúruljóð on the lyrics of Sjón is performed by Tui Hirv – soprano, Una Sveinbjarnardóttir – violin, Pálína Árnadóttir – violin, Guðrún Hrund Harðardóttir – víóla and Hrafnkell Orri Egilsson – cello.
He is sent to the woods to pick chanterelles, but happens to taste a mystery mushroom that makes him so big that he can't even get a comforting hug from his mother.
Working with the Icelandic manuscripts is like handling mummies from the British Museum,  says the artist Gabríela Friðriksdóttir.
- With BBQ lime sauce and black sesame seeds Chicken wings Put wings in a baking tray.
Smart award: Vónin,  Faroese fishing gear manufacturer has developed the Flyer as a lift-generating device and alternative to conventional trawl floats.
Guests can enjoy a spacious and airy common room with billiards and darts.
[1] AGB stars get their odd name because of their position on the Hertzsprung Russell diagram, a plot of the brightnesses of stars against their colours.
It is most often caused by excessive salt loss from the gut but is also associated with severe systemic disorders in which there is actual or apparent aldosterone deficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), which is the most common inherited disorder of aldosterone synthesis, and pseudohypoaldosteronism (PHA).
In his article Magnús relies on English annals, which show clearly how extensively Norsemen intermeddled in English affairs.
You are able to choose to only backup your photos or your videos over WiFi or by using cellular network.
When it is not possible to adjust the compass, a deviation table is made which shows the deviations according to the courses.
Steinar has in his career conducted a number of choirs as well as having performed as a pianist, organist and conductor in various settings. Steinar is currently enrolled in the master's program in Ensemble Conducting at the Royal Danish Academy of Music
To even further my surprise, the man of the house we were visiting, listened with great enthusiasm and then enlightened us of the fact that in that very place where we had been staying, there had been an Indian camp and that it was documented in North-American History that military conflicts between white people and Native-American people took place there.
Jón Ólafsson for the book Appelsínur frá Abkasíu: Vera Hertzsch, Halldór Laxness og hreinsanirnar miklu (Oranges from Abkasia: Vera Hertzsch, Halldór Laxness and the Great Purge).  An effective and critical analysis of communism and the Soviet Gulag, revealing the vulnerability of the common citizen.
On the adventure it is particularly enjoyable to travel to Edinburgh, but a fun Christmas village and a tivoli sets its sights on the city at that time.
It was spent on exactly what the elites and the deep state desired it to be spent on, without the public's knowledge.
An artist residence for Kristjan Davidsson and his family by Ar. Mannfred Vilhjalmsson for its judicious use of light, volume, structure and intent without sacrificing design value and user comfort at the altar of budget is our top pick.
DJI Pilot is a robust App developed specifically for enterprise users to unleash the power of their DJI drones.
If this applies, it's also logical that 80% of the hassle and the trouble and the negative times we have in our business are due to another 20% of our customers.
A link has been found between a specific eye disease and this gene, sometimes causing trouble, especially when in homozygote state.
For that matter, all unprocessed food from the major food groups could be considered  super  and all are useful as part of a balanced diet.
Supporters of the Icelandic króna, who were hard-pressed when the króna was in free fall 2000-2001, have sounded convincing when they have pointed out that the currency appears to have served rather well as a relief valve on the economy and equilibrium has been reached once more.
When the strikes of Efling and VR were about to start last week, Kynnisferðir proclaimed that the company had several drivers who were registered in other unions, or none at all, and that they were free to break the strike.
The performer engages – becomes entangled – with an activity that does not revolve around sound but around the impossibility of silence and the physical nature of both the piano and performance.
He argues that our thoughts are just the result of biochemical algorithms. According to Harari, there will come a time when humanity will be fully aware that there is no free will and someone will also perfectly succeed in manipulating our thoughts.
Tomorrow someone else gets a better deal and can sell things cheaper than you and you end up with a price war on your hands.
What I can tell you is that, like you, at some point, I did ask myself what the trick behind the idea of the  Christmas Spirit  was.
was held in Akranes and Reykjavik Iceland on February 23rd and 24th. In 2015 the mayor of Akranes sought consultation from the National Museum regarding what do do regarding conservation of the vessel Sigurfari.
I won the green card in a lottery, so I will move to New York in September.
Rye bread can be found in every bakery and supermarket in Iceland and its history is over 200 years old.
This PhD study is one of many projects associated to CarbFix, and the aim of this study has been to investigate the effect of secondary carbonate coatings on basaltic glass and silicate minerals.
The teenager may need a bit of coaxing, my 6-year-old will get all revved up and excited at the mere mention of the word  summer house  and when I am inviting my friends to come with us I may mention that gorgeous steak we bought for the barbeque and the fantastic vintage red wine to go with it;)
A wireless internet connection free of charge for guests, a small souvenir shop and café open when ships are docking. WC for men, women and the disabled.
Fákasel is made as a horse theatre and the spotlight and light variation made a great atmosphere together with the live music the beautiful and talented couple Jóhanna Guðrún Jónsdóttir singer and her husband and gitarplayer Davíð Sigurgeirsson presented.
The essential amino acid Lysine is one of the key elements in collagen and plays an important role in its production.
We ended up drinking really sweet and strong tasting cocktails with our steak!
Substances such as caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol should be avoided, as they can increase the symptoms.
Place fish/meat/vegetables into mixture and marinate for at least two hours.
In the MPC's opinion, one of the main arguments in favour of a 0.5-point rate hike was that  the inflation outlook had worsened materially and inflation expectations had risen such that a 0.25-point increase would not suffice, as the monetary stance would still be looser than at the time of the October meeting even after such a rate hike.
A soothing and nourishing lavender paraffin mask is applied to the hands and leaves them moisturized and smooth.
The realistic, understated piece forms one massive whole, enlivened by the position and expression of the head.
Until midnight, you can drink cocktails on the terrace of a cozy restaurant and listen to pleasant live music.
You can print the poster with your own printer.
She offered her visitors Homeblest biscuits and gave me a raincoat with a metallic sheen from the Quelle catalogue for my 13th birthday.
We are a young practice combining intuitive design with computational tools.
We can also arrange to camp at a campsite with facilities if that is your choice.
Five from Iceland, four from the UK, and eight Sierra Leoneans spent 1 week together in pop up studios, exchanging ideas, jamming and creating music as part of a collaboration called OSUSU.
About two days later I received an email from the HR manager that said: ¨sorry, the mailing list I used was the wrong one, my bad¨.
Bananas and aluminium share the facts that both are aliens in Icelandic nature however they have found their way to the country by different means and distinct Icelandic nature is harnessed to fabricate them.
Again, Isaiah, chapter 34, gives a vivid piCture of the world tribulation, whilst the whole of the next chapter, 35, tells of the glorious time to follow, and is one of the loveliest chapters in the whole Bible.
There is a new headline every day, a comment about your butt at work and some boys talking about this nasty, easy girl from Borgarnes behind you on the bus.
Emigrant literature is often epic in character, and Vilhelm Moberg's enormous emigrant novels are his masterpieces.
Consulting The advertising environment is changing rapidly, so it is important to adapt quickly and follow the trends that are present at any given time.
AGA has also developed a range of integrated valves and regulators, contact your local country to see what is available for you.
Other salary items included in the collective agreement such as fish processing bonuses, are increased by 2,5%.
Þórir has given world premieres to pieces for the double bass alone, bass and piano and a concerto for double bass and chamber orchestra.
The Icelandic power and democracy study focuses on empirical research and emphasizes a multidisciplinary approach of involving scholars from different disciplines of social science.
Claire Paugam and Julius Pollux then teamed up to expand the project into an art exhibition and elevate political concerns within a poetic perspective, encouraging a humanistic and empathetic look on people's stories, situations, emotions and backgrounds.
We do not raise money through bake sales, bazaars, bingo games, carnivals, dinners, raffles, or similar events, nor do we solicit donations.
Fasting blood sugar levels in repeated samples must have been higher than 8 mmol/l and the insured must have been treated with insulin for more than three months.
They will be all over Iceland this summer, so be aware of whether the most fun party is in your zip code.
When you realise that stand-up is the thing that stresses you out the most when you take the stage, you start to think that there must be something special there, artistically speaking,  says Vilhelm, adding,  It also means instant feedback!
Here are a few of our favorite Discord logos.
Many places serve food (from classic pub fare to high-end cuisine) to accompany the real ales, microbrews and whiskies on offer.
Few excellent restaurants and cafes can be found in Húnaþing vestra so no one need to go hungry from the province.
The logo consists of well-known signs from the physical sciences and the font is of a humanist kind.
Embark on a boat trip to Nyhavn to enjoy the colorful houses on the canal.
In Hreinn Friðfinnsson's delicate and lyrical artworks he frequently uses photographs, text, stories and folklore, dreams and supernatural events, often with a delicate sense of humour.
Our warehouse in Suðurhraun stores healthcare and consumer products that are distributed to customers around the country, e.g. to hospitals, health institutions, apothecaries, veterinarians and supermarkets.
We watch and read lots of Anime, but we also do all kinds of cool stuff like t-shirt printing, badge making, drawing or just talking about our favourite anime characters.
She didn't gossip about her friends and family, but spied on her neighbour that lived in the house at the bottom of the hill her apartment building was on, and made up stories about him for her grandchildren.
This short chamber music piece is divided into a slow, lyrical introduction for the cello (with the background voices of the violin and viola) and a slightly faster main section where the bassoon usually has the principal part, playing against the strings.
If you have already studied the whole night life of the island's capital, then you can go to the nearby El Arenal or to Portals Nous with more fashionable and glamorous bars.
Over the years, he has been widely involved in sustainable design, and in the process he has focused on finding new angles in that field.
What happened was that I realised, two years too late, that I had not been invited to that party at all.
Other crops from the same family include e.g. potatoes, tomatoes and aubergines.
Google Scholar can be configured in such a way that the search engine provides links to the full text of journal articles within databases that the library has access to. In such cases, Til|Available@RU.is appears on the right side of the screen.
Sailing and living aboard the beautifully restored oak schooners of North Sailing
Eisbein(pork knuckle boiled in beer), Berlin chop, deep-fried rib-bacon, Eintopf (thick soup with smoked meat products), grilled sausages with sauerkraut and braised cabbage with curry - all this can be ordered in almost any cafe.
Increasingly, there has been strong demand from medium-sized trawlers for more efficient trawl doors and we have supplied Thor doors to several skippers in Ireland, and in Mediterranean Spain our Jupiter pelagic doors, fitted with keels for towing off the seabed to spread demersal trawls, have become very popular.
The work was more fast-paced and time more limited, as the university closes every day at dinnertime, and doesn't open at all on holidays and weekends.
The_Jensson_Corpus/jensson.phoneme.dictionary - all defined phonemes in Icelandic used in the corpus.
There was the red Fender bass, and a series of photographs diamond, sapphire, ruby, and emerald.
Historical approach is the exhibition's second angle, through special cooperation with Akureyri Museum and Akureyri Structural department.
By combining melody and noise, Ruokangas' music spans from delicate and melodic atmospheres to almost violent avant-garde.
Now, it seems clear that no one will be stepping foot in a theater until January or February at the earliest - if then - but we won't let that stop us from serving up a good helping of theater-related content.
The choir is feminist and offers all feminists to join.
It can most definitely help to be more organized, use apps to control your work hours and help with your concentration. It can also help you limiting the time you use on social media by using apps that block them after a certain amount of time.
Since the bonds between atoms which make up molecules are easily broken by ultraviolet radiation, molecular gas cannot survive in an environment exposed to the strong ultraviolet radiation produced by the hot, massive stars in its star-forming region, including the one that would eventually explode as the observed GRB.
Had social media existed back then, I most certainly would have posted a photo of him and tagged the training squad or youth team.
After all, he is a participant in the Great Race - using his blood money to buy extra-absorbent paper diapers for his kids, then parks the family car and marches along the accepted routes under other people's flag of convenience on a sunny afternoon.
I have earlier pointed out in my blog that the subsidence of Bárðarbunga follows remarkably well a curve or trend, as shown on the graph above (data from the web site of Veðurstofan).
You can share your albums with your families or your friends by simply sending the links to them via a simple message, email, social media or any other way. Conclusion
4 times over the year, you receive a Meditation, recipe for Ceremonies & Seasonal Altars, & information about the Icelandic Goddesses, all of which you can download & use whenever suites you & your life.
She wonders how a contemporary person creates their identity according to the demands of the consumerist society's expectations and presents these thoughts in an ironic and comical way.
What is the history of humor and of what we consider funny?
In the eyes of most people you can see the habits of variation of actors in movies and TV shows, repeatedly acting out the same type.
In this course the basics of biological chemistry are worked with, such as the nomenclature of biological chemicals, the shape of molecules and bonds, chemical reaction, chirality of molecules, proteins - sucrose - lipid - DNA.
16 JÚDAS QUADRUPEL Júdas greets you with a kiss of rock candy and caramel, concealing in his hand a sly and malty aroma of ripe fruit, plums and blackberries.
Tear the bread a little and put into shape. mix sour cream, mayonnaise, pineapple and half of the pineapple juice.
In this prayer we also want to remember the bereaved families and all those who are still suffering from the virus and whose lives remain in uncertainty .
Gradually, the field of vision narrows and the eyesight can look like a tunnel vision.
I think he is taking a little break which is good for him.
For other services such as groceries, restaurants, gas-station, swimming pool, pharmacy, ATM, post office and other practical things – you will find all of these in Hvammstangi village, which is the village you'll drive through to get to the cottages.
Although Naoi Group also produces edamame beans (immature soybeans in the pod) and yakiniku (a Japanese dish made of grilled meat), its main speciality is dumplings.
It is important that students have a microphone headset to ensure the best sound quality in class.
Prepare to lighten up the midnight sky with bright sitrus-tones and shimmering apricots and peaches.
1 large sweet potato 2 Tbsp butter or coconut oil 1 garlic cloves, finely chopped a little chili powder salt and pepper 1 tsp cumin 1/2 tsp nutmeg 70-100 g white chocolate drops
The programme is divided into three phases, of which the second and third will involve mentorship – there we will link the startups with someone who can provide tailored advice to the startup's needs.
In Sergei Rachmaninov's Valse et Romance, however, a third pianist is needed – and Víkingur Ólafsson takes a seat between the two sisters in a thrilling, six-handed musical battle over the keyboard.
During the summer the stove was kept in the kitchen, but it was moved into the common room in the winter and set by the chimney.
Information was obtained from medical records and the hospital pharmacy.
When you get to the bottom dig up another one and it will set you sailing.
When does the amateur become professional?   What creates a professional?  When it comes to art-making, what determines who is deemed professional?
Three-dimensional works made of aluminium cans, picture-frames made of cigarette packaging, paintings with recurring motives and a considerable amount of photographs from Geiri's special point of view, form the back-bone of his unique life achievement.