But in some of the Stooges films,
As a final exercise, I'd like you to replace scatter plot by bar chart again with the same two arguments as before--so please go ahead and tell the computer to generate a bar chart.
They agreed to hire Sacajawea's husband, Charbonneau, with the understanding that his lovely wife would also come along as an interpreter.
Yes. Louis: Is the ability to just sit there.
Just let the sadness, stand in the way of it, and let it hit you like a truck.
You know, in the old days, the performance clothes was always the same,
It does not take a business expert to realize that.
68% of all diseases in the U.S. are diet related.
The carnivores are all the track and field stars.
Because you can call it bacon as much as you want, but once it is in your body, it is no longer bacon.
They can collaborate with them on the creation of ideas, knowledge, content, designs and product.
They can give them more control over pricing, which is what the band Radiohead did with its pay-as-you-like online release of its album
At Frog, the company I work for, we hold internal speed meet sessions that connect old and new employees, helping them get to know each other fast.
At sleepovers I would have panic attacks trying to break it to girls that they didn't want to kiss me without outing myself.
At some point I realized that my mission to photograph  gays  was inherently flawed, because there were a million different shades of gay.
Once they got over the shock, though, by and large people opted for somewhere between 70 to 95 percent or the 3 to 20 percent marks.
There is an entertainment software industry which is extremely deft at coming up with appealing products that you can't resist.
You need another internship to bolster your college applications.
As part of an initiation for three of their members, they had to kill somebody, and I happened to be the guy walking down Bleecker Street that night, and they jumped on me without a word.
And later on, when I got out and the flashbacks and the nightmares were giving me a hard time, I went back to him and I was sort of asking him, you know, what am I gonna do?
led me to my surgical team, and their training and their skill and, always, a little bit of luck pushed back against chaos.
For the first time in my life, I worked nine weeks straight, without taking a day off, working long hours, and building some of the most beautiful websites that I have ever built. I also learned to speak in public.
Then in 2005 I co-founded a non-profit organization for youth and young adults with physical disabilities so they could get involved with action sports.
Are you the one who poisoned J-Cub's drink at our party?
I guess the word boss comes to mind since I work for him.
Some of you guys know Paul Rand, the greatest graphic designer -- I'm sorry -- out there.
The great graphic designer Paul Rand designed the IBM logo, the Westinghouse logo. He basically said,  I've designed everything.
I then proceeded to tell the patient, once the patient was dressed, the standard things that the person must have heard in other institutions, which is,  This is not in your head.
In doing this, we created a triple bottom line company.
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
We are going to need a new generation of citizen leaders willing to commit ourselves to growing and changing and learning as rapidly as possible.
The press is certainly a business, and in order to survive it must be a successful business, but the right balance must be found between marketing considerations and journalistic responsibility.
I'm quite an experienced manager of systems as a pilot, but this is, really --
Airbags are pretty cool, they bounce around a lot.
I've always had a fascination for computers and technology, and I made a few apps for the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad.
I've gotten a lot of inspiration from Steve Jobs, and I've started an app club at school, and a teacher at my school is kindly sponsoring my app club.
His hobbies were chess, bridge and writing op-eds.
You wouldn't look at this and call this a designer bike: a designer bike is made of titanium or molybdenum.
Some people go to baseball stadiums to look at games; I go and see design relationships.
And I use this -- this is, sort of, what I consider to be urban spam.
&amp;gt;&amp;gt; Well, the database that was here at SLAC was used by people around the world, but with great difficulty because they had to have an account on mainframe.
So before there was a web, I invented a way for people to do what's now called Instant Messaging. And to do a query to the database without logging in.
And here he just clicked away typed in a few things for the query term and bang, the results came back nicely formatted.
Do you want to go for a weekend to Rome, all expenses paid -- hotel, transportation, food, a continental breakfast, everything -- or a weekend in Paris?
I admire that young hunter's spirit, although he doesn't stand a chance against Benge and the others.
Have I told you you're quite irresistible in that sexy skin-tight getup?
And it is also the very first time that I had worn a bikini
They're able to be moved around by hand, they can sense each other, they can sense their motion, and they have a screen and a wireless radio.
Then, after about 30 seconds, it reshuffles, and you have a new set of letters and new possibilities to try.
Corel CONNECT can find &amp; display any file on your system.
To add a tray, click the +.
Right-click &amp; choose [Install as a bitmap pattern], It will be available from the Fill menu in CorelDRAW.
That's my feature film.
And we give them a couple of things to do that, to help them do companion animal devices while they're blogging and doing their email.
They share your environmental stressors, the asbestos levels and lead levels, whatever you're exposed to.
Indeed, the whole cocktail was narcotic, and that's why I'm calling them cluster drugs.
And what is originally strictly restricted for the elites of Paris in the eighteenth century increasingly becomes mass produced and becomes something that a well to-do urbanite would consume and how to consume it would itself be the product of a campaign to make sugar acceptable, and not just acceptable, this was part of the decor of belonging to a proper bourgeois family.
The first great best sellers in the marketplace for books that we're going, Jeff is obsessed with the marketplace for a reason, was cookbooks.
The  Remaining  timer uses the information from the  Last Cycle  timer to display the time remaining in a program
So that is a, a distinction inside of the code. Well, alrighty.
In this instance, this knowledge allows us to design novel machine architectures or to design clever algorithms that gracefully handle damage, just like human athletes do, instead of building machines with redundancy.
Turned down by the Decca Recording Company, who said,  We don't like their sound and guitar music is on the way out.
And the question is,  How do you end up with a psychopathic killer?
Oh, that Broadway bus... (sound of bus honking by)
EdgeRyders wants to be the largest think tank in the world on the youth's transition to an independent active life.
- Ah, a flash mob?
I figured this Robert Baratheon would end the same as the other rebel lords: burnt to ash.
We just dismiss it out of our consciousness.
We'll see once we get to the code for extracting all the links on the page that there are cases where it's easier to write the code using
Today, many concerns have arisen about our rights to privacy in technology.
He likes packing lunch and going on a picnic...
Because we have tested ARES model, several models in a half a dozen wind tunnels at the NASA Langley Research Center for eight years, under Mars conditions.
It's my contention that going to work on Friday in jeans and [a] T-shirt isn't really getting to the nub of the issue.
20 years back the political slogan was,  Roti, kapada, makaan,  which meant,  Food, clothing and shelter.
Because of the historical Indian background, in the caste system, and because of the fact that there have been many people who have been left out in the cold, a lot of the politics is about how to make sure that we'll address that.
When India was growing at about three, 3.5 percent and the population was growing at two percent, its per capita income was doubling every 45 years.
The apocalypse has had an apocalypse. A rogue cyborg army is reshaping the world into cyber hell And only one thing can stop them.
By the mid-1970s Led Zeppelin are the biggest touring rock band in America, yet many critics and peers label them as rip-offs.
It is a bijou villa, with a garden at the back, but built out in front right up to the road, two stories.
Briony Lodge and laid out in the principal room, while I still observed the proceedings from my post by the window.
Now, of course, this was a simple ploy on Dr. P's part to get me to do the exercises I didn't want to do before the prospect of being the richest five-year-old in the second floor ward, but what he effectively did for me was reshape an awful daily occurrence into a new and promising experience for me.
Randy Course is a motivational speaker, actually I've got a couple of motivational speakers here.
But in fact, with global warming and rising temperatures, all of a sudden you have vast wheat fields and agribusiness, and grain being produced in Siberia.
Under the deluge of minute-to-minute text conversations, e-mails, relentless exchange of media channels and passwords and apps and reminders and Tweets and tags, we lose sight of what all this fuss is supposed to be about in the first place: Ourselves.
Later on we learned that all of the local peasants had been removed. However, some buses went by, which took Polish workers to their jobs. And I remember that on some of them - like on ours - there were some advertisements.
My camp, Monowitz, with 10,000 prisoners, was part of the AEG Farben Industrie, a huge German chemical trust, now dismantled.
First rule: there is no clan distinguished and political division in Somali society.
In these days of fatted cattle and waving grain-fields this humble root, which was once the totem of an Indian tribe, is quite forgotten, or known only by its flowering vine; but let wild Nature reign here once more, and the tender and luxurious English grains will probably disappear before a myriad of foes, and without the care of man the crow may carry back even the last seed of corn to the great cornfield of the
A quantum is the minimum unit of any physical entity involved in an interaction.
He started some of the country's first charter schools in the late '80s in the U.S.
He came out for one of our teacher-training days and won like five rounds of Match Me in a row and was very proud of himself.
And skaters, I think they tend to be outsiders who seek a sense of belonging, but belonging on their own terms. And real respect is given by how much we take what other guys do, these basic tricks, 360 flips, we take that, we make it our own, and then we contribute back to the community the inner way that edifies the community itself.
The participants in the film are doing a lot of self-filmed footage and it really gives you a visceral view into their lives in a way that you would never get by bringing a film crew into somebody else's house.
I often find myself and my partners, the only people talking around us.
Any dot above that line, and you'll quickly notice that that includes most countries in the world, represents unnecessary surplus, and is likely to reflect
Okay, most people, not everyone, but most people, and this is, I'm glad to say, what I see across the world, and yet has anyone seen a supermarket or sandwich shop anywhere in the world that serves sandwiches with crusts on it?
They've opened a little store at the corner.
So let's go back to the table. So aside from the civilian military, a balance of figures.
For this climate crisis, we assembled a network, really, of superstars, from policy activists to scientists and entrepreneurs and business leaders.
You could dowse for all sorts of things, but this particular one was built to dowse for marijuana in students' lockers.
Here's when the Virgin Mary made her appearance on a cheese sandwich -- which I got to actually hold in a Las Vegas casino -- of course, this being America.
let them scroll!
I've gone on dates with plenty of people, and I've gone on second dates, but I want to make sure that I found the right person before I like start to commit. So, what I do is, I tend to flirt a lot, I tend to hang out with a lot of people, to test the waters and to see what they like.
She also has a lot of different spy gadgets, so she can take apart an ipod and put in a hidden camera that will take a photo every five seconds for example. Or track people through GPS or put recording devices in cars.
I saw the login screen at the park.
So I tried to think what I could use for here, and a couple of weeks ago I had a crazy idea that I wanted to print two DJ decks and to try and mix some music.
Now, I talked to you earlier on about the hotel in Haiti the Hotel Montana, that had pancaked, that had collapsed -- this is where we are today, this is the Westin in Sendai a gorgeous 37 storey hotel that survived the catastrophic earthquake on March 11th, 2011, the great Japan earthquake, with almost no damage at all.
And so every few weeks teachers could sit down and say,  OK, here's a little clip of something I thought I did well.
I read a copy of Life magazine, which detailed a story about a 75-year-old blind Russian woman who could sense printed letters -- there's still people trying to do it -- (Laughter)
Well, to reward him for saying  eureka,  and for selecting Michael Mercil to come and talk to us -- Steve Jurvetson.
Now, they're all the exact same except this one obviously has a stainless steel spike sticking out of it.
Quick snapshots of things you might see from a speeding motor scooter, and very slow walking through Rome, you might be able to study in more detail some of the wonderful surfaces and whatnot that you come across.
And part of what Mission Blue is about is yelling,  Stop!  so that each of us -- explorer, scientist, cartoonist, singer, chef -- can turn up the lights in their own way.
Six-and-a-half thousand Africans dying every single day from AlDS -- a preventable, treatable disease -- for lack of drugs we can get in any pharmacy.
But my disappointment has much more perspective when I talk to American people, and I hear their worries about the deficit, and the fiscal well being of their country.
And then there's a doctor that acts upon it and mends them and fixes them. But the engineer that you hear nothing about, who comes along and puts a wall at the side of the road, or tilts the road and puts some braces on it so that there are no accidents, you don't hear anything about those people in society.
Together we're going to learn the theory and practice of programming languages, culminating in the construction of a web browser.
So, you can find through your Jeep, a camel, and a cart.
Which I knew, because it's the word that won me the Ohio spelling bee in 1976.
Now your friend will be able to review and edit to improve the initial automatically translated draft of your captions. When they're finished, they'll click  Publish to YouTube .
And for those of you who are not parents, sippy cups are those little plastic things that your child graduates to after using bottles.
One of the ranches is called the Kirkeby Ranch, and I'll take you there for a minute.
Forum Riau student press (Fopersma) did the solidarity pillar candles slice by turning reporters in Riau also doing the action, because the government silent solidarity by journalist actions Forums student press (Fopersma) Riau to date the problem has not finished beating of journalists government should resolve the issue faster because freedom of the press has been arranged in the Press Law the press laws, journalists are protected by law in their profession should press it free
This is 1997, and this is a photo I made at about 3 o'clock in the morning in Mountain View here, when we were watching the computer monitors because we had picked up a signal that we thought,  This is the real deal.  All right?
Then you fill another electron, and we'll talk about spin and things like that in the future.
A gangster :
falling more part of a copyrighted program created by real bambi permanently gone all cars national guard broadcast two hundred thirty-eight regarding the murder but missed you mezzo with rona remember the time agee and propriety of involved in on when the president had to sleep on the poor analysis definate king wherein everyone the next morning dreamt that exactly how you look reveals a mac when you can find it to the park bench overthink with all of the thread there covering of imperial oil instead of giving at the questioning protection of the loop you expect your car to give you money about one of the park service will rather well treated according given like prolonging companies of operation by taking it stop of life to remove the enduring motor oil that really protect every bible moving part with saturn's moon covering mood guests and at the same time so strong impenetrable apa devastating enterprise bead in hot weather can not leave your motor to get in their dirty work so when you get real brenda cracked the governing the powers more police caught fire engines and it is another emergency equipment for every this hole than any other brand get three lou the finest mobil oil golden west the story really here tonight was taken in the main from facts on file in the
He felt no handicap on that score.
Then all three left the apartment together, something they had not done for months now, and took the electric tram into the open air outside the city.
And that all of this would turn into one cloud behind the, the screen, yet we needed to figure out how to get the user involved in as much as possible. Initially, our interest was in synchronous tools when were thinking of collaboration tools.
This is a story on the yacht club that's all basically blue collar.
But they also talk about the fact that their executives, all of their expense reports are put onto their company intranet for everyone to see.
And there are many clinical trials.
He's probably outgrown two staff shirts and we had to make him a boss shirt.
And then the cliche came to haunt us.
But some of the files were left behind intact, and activists, some of them, found their own surveillance dossiers full of transcripts of their email exchanges, their cellphone text message exchanges, even Skype conversations.
In protest over this, blogger Slim Amamou, who had been jailed under Ben Ali and then became part of the transitional government after the revolution, he resigned in protest from the cabinet.
Now, Hyundai is a luxury brand.
We never, ever want to partner with any sort of malware or negative provider or anything like that.
And also these are signals that go awry in disorders such as addiction.
This is a screenshot from the virtual game world, Entropia Universe.
Swartz was conducting massive automated parallel downloading of the PACER system.
You heard that I am doing the sports drink commercial which you had been doing, right?
And our trading agent can sense the course of certain things, like the stock or bonds or commodities.
You have to know what your audience is going to see in the advertisement.
I'll start with an anecdote, or for those of you who are Monty Python lovers, a Monty Python type of sketch.
And so, what we're going to be doing in the geometry playlist is essentially that. What we're going to study---we're going to think about how do we  rigorously  prove things?
You can move it up and down, you understand the idea of the root note and maybe you've played a few riffs as well.
So have a little play around with these 5th string root power chords, moving them up and down making sure your stretch is good
74 out of 100 are either sequels or remakes of earlier films or adaptations of comic books, videos games, books and so on.
I was just reading an article that was released by the Pentagon and they are working on semi-autonomous killing machines that can not only kill at their discretion, they can actually consume organic matter and turn it into energy.
leaving clean compost.
If you're coming from Reason, you'll be glad to know that you can still make sophisticated effect combos in Live.
Drag-selecting and editing will make two slices.
Did you know you can make retarded scratching sounds with Simple Delay?
That this feast receiving the Torah and opposite of the reception call it anger
Rimase quasi sempre assorbito in una trance beatifica, durante la quale era privo di coscienza.
I've heard that there's music playing in hotel toilets.
The thick black hair, escaping as it could below and between the cross bandages, projected in curious tails and horns, giving him the strangest appearance conceivable.
Fearenside's cart, while Hall was having a word or so of gossip preparatory to helping being them in.
They pay royalties over the sales to the patent holders, so they are remunerated for sharing their intellectual property.
The intelligence personnel discovered and told us someone was being sent to hunt us down.
This is a tense moment in the first football game, I think.
Nearly seven thousands individuals contributed to make my Tropes vs. Women in video games project bigger and better and more expansive than I could ever had imagined.
That evening I was to experience the Guinness World Record winning North Korean dance &amp; acrobatics extravaganza and the key highlight for most visitors - the Arirang Games.
But perhaps the most exciting thing about it is that the driver of this technology is available everywhere.
Those dashboards the teachers have, you can go log in right now and you can essentially become a coach for your kids, or nephews, or cousins, or maybe some kids at the Boys and Girls Club.
We have this chance to reset everything, instead of having to believe all the things we've been told to believe.
I will conclude with this, with what is my motto in my entrepreneurial project, and also in my life.
It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy.
So I tried to make sense, and when I arrived, I was looking for some information leaflets that would help me crack this system and understand it, and I found those brochures.
This is actually a training film for a clown college that they had.
An example: a report from China by Italian journalist Tiziano Terzani in 1984.
The Doha Tribeca Film Festival was held at our new cultural hub, Katara.
Cannery Row, at the time, had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast.
We were launching a megastore in Los Angeles, I think.
So now, because they believe they have to work on their world contribution, they put these post-it notes on their heads, like for real, that said,  genius at work.
And then the integration of all these great technologies, which you've heard about, the Wi-Fi antennas that allow the kids to connect; the screen, which you can read in sunlight; the keyboard, which is made out of rubber, and it's protected from the environment.
And you saw that in the '30s, when the Great Depression paved the way for Bretton Woods, welfare states and so on.
BDSM, Kink, Raunch, Leather, Jock Straps, Cock Ring, Tit- Clamps, both Dom and Submissive.
This works in tandem with the thought realm that we discussed last week, as thoughts are a vibratory level
Take two programs and they produce children by exchanging their subroutines, and the children inherit the traits of the subroutines of the two programs.
Just as Darwinism was at its nadir, a revival was underway.
Dumb ways to die-ie-ie so many dumb ways to die get your toast out with a fork do your own electrical work teach your self how to fly eat a two week old unrefridgerated pie
Just hold out while I fix the derbies.
If we simply brought that ratio down to 15,000 to one, we would be meeting those aid targets that were agreed at the Rio Summit 20 years ago that the summit that ended last week made no further progress on.
You can imagine if these were chips, kind of poker chips, that would represent one of the blue poker chips and each blue poker chip represents 10,000.
Last night at Chagrin Fall, a newspaperman and a television guy said,  That evening, when a service was held at the Riverside Church, we carried it on our station in this city.
We worked very hard to get the smog reduction happening here in Los Angeles. But guess what?
So I asked for people's usernames and passwords to be sent to me.
So this is a local person potentially deciding whether to enter the babysitting market.
They get rid of 15 workers per day, but you don't see any massive raids.
A universal truth -- five words for you:
His hands no longer fit his camera, no longer fit his wife's, no longer fit his body.
This is done.
First the inside flaps...
This is not only outside of businesses.
Suspect last seen heading west on Alameda in a red delivery van.
What would you say about me flying to London on the 17th of December... and returning first thing the next morning?
He was also the ultimate self-learner, and like everything else, he did it in grand style.
You always wimp out! ...You see 'em in porn stores.
But that in fact seemed to be the case.
The bad news is that's not true.
Despite this variation, in our case we will still cut the pocket to hold the raw stock, at the nominal stock diameter
After all, the best education -- according to the latest World University Rankings -- is to be found in the universities of the U.K. and the U.S.
In music, one doesn't make the end of the composition the point of the composition.
So we have to think out of the box.
They started telling the West,
And you'll find that some committees around the world have already become regular contributors to the 'health' section and columns of publications, large and small, online and on news stands, blogs, all over the place.
It's very exciting. I've found that asking a strange question is a great way to get people in, not just people, but fans.
They tell you the numbers, and the answers to how much, how many, where, when, and who.
Well, why has violence declined?
This is based on the number of hosts.
Where do you begin?
The two genres might seem totally different, but the reason they're both so popular is perhaps because what they have in common: their use of dramatic irony.
Let me go right into the slides.
(Laughter)
However, if you go past them without the sheep, they don't give a shit.
It's as if the issue has been diluted among all the others; even though population growth and human consumption are the major factors in our on-going environmental crisis.
And you can drill, cut, nail, screw paint and replace, with a minimum of cost.
You would be able to expose the auditorium to Dallas or vice versa, Dallas to the auditorium.
By the way, th on-line anonimity is absolutely not a banal thing: to surf the New in a truly anonymous way one must use a whole serie of techniques, tools, VPNs, proxies, softwares like TOR, and possibly crack your neighbour's wi-fi.
This is a sort of sensitivity to... Harmony, balance... Yeah, absolutely.
I don't know what you wanted to come here for, Dennis. This joint is nothing but a place for a bunch of sexless women... who don't have any love in their life.
So as a result of that, demographers predict that through 2025, 75 to 85 percent of new households will not have kids in them.
And here is me today.
Let's move on. Let's try  Miniature Golf .
(Laughter) (Beatbox) Here we go.
And then, the last piece was a disclaimer that says 'we will not ship.
So, these mental models -- we look for evidence that reinforces our models.
Because it's across the street from my apartment. and I can work on my book when it's empty!
There's big animals too.
And one of the things that I experimented with is this thing called Google Share which is basically, you take an abstract term, and you search Google for that term, and then you search the results that you get back for somebody's name.
Their erections and their brains fired up.
OBAMA:
It seems that they've somehow overlooked the fact that over half the world's population are women.
Just moments before, in front of a cafÈ, I'd been listening to the stories of the heroic deeds of the communist Abu Mohammed's heroes... ...the leaders of the Popular Front:
The school assisted 500 orphaned children.
We can live in one of these two worlds.
And you can see that the units started to trend up, the hidden inflection point -- it was taking off.
It is often said that we fear that which we do not know.
You could use the midpoint.
As I walked out, her pace slowed.
And we found in about 30 days we could go and take a couple folks from Silicon Valley, fly them to Uganda, buy a car, set up the first Internet connection at the National Library of Uganda, figure out what they wanted, and get a program going making books in rural Uganda.
And I think it starts with one physician, and that's me.
But this expression for that very little small arc length right over there; if I rewrite it in terms of this and this, what I have on the right-hand side, and I want to do that so that I can get everything in terms of t, I get it is equal to the square root of dx squared...
(Narrator) A social system can be designed so that all can live fully and constructively if the powers of science and technology are directed toward human and environmental concern and overcoming the artificial scarcities of our debt-based monetary systems.
It's the complete YouTube experience... completely OFF-line.
I don't see any reason why it shouldn't.
Awesome It's my turn then.
I do believe your church will frown on this.
So we'll raise the bar with dual LTE antennas, for full speed 4G in both Europe and the USA.
So we have g-d's help, get back with my hands full I want to, if not difficult for you I know it's a little embarrassing but really give hand in hand in hand in hand as did Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai ,
I have the wrist rotation that goes -- and it can go all the way around.
The greenhouse effect had been well understood for more than a century.
I'll kill you if he slept I need him to sleep now, I'm so tired What he slept?
I was the better at pillaging Troy;
On the one hand, our need for security, for predictability, for safety, for dependability, for reliability, for permanence. All these anchoring, grounding experiences of our lives that we call home.
Just like a train wreck waiting to happen.
Person.
-Come on, it's ok!
When I was just a little girl, my mom started what is now the longest-running women's film festival in the world.
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected?
As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as, I believe, we all do, of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel, where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense.
The renovation project, which lasted for months, cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe.
Just think of the road accidents which have occurred over recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and a number of other countries where lorries carrying dangerous goods continued to drive in foggy conditions when really they should have pulled off the road instead.
This would be necessary to keep safety standards at the level they were in northern regions previously.
Let me also remind him that when his party leader, Mr Hague, was Secretary of State for Wales, he broke every rule in the book on additionality which led to a stern letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies regarding regulatory requirements.
In brief, I would like to say that we are entering the period when we are called upon to manage the programming for 2000-2006, which must be no routine period for the good reason that we have two major challenges to face.
Finally, and in order to respond to the concerns which you have expressed in this House, particularly yourself, Mrs Schroedter, in these guidelines we recall the importance and the definition of integrated strategies, for development or redevelopment, which, of all the priorities, offer the maximum opportunity to synergy, to the measures undertaken and to the establishment of a decentralised partnership. You expressed some concern about what might look like a lack of reference to this partnership, yet there is a clear reference to it on page 5 of the guidelines.
I shall not list them all, but they include implementing intersectoral policies, increasing efficiency in the use of public funds, assisting the various partners in drawing up regional or national programming together, etc.
Many dossiers are currently being filed with precisely this concern. This instrument will fall by the wayside in future.
For example, the figures for last year now show that the total value of mergers in the European area was EUR 1.4 trillion, which is seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last European merger boom in 1990.
All this to combat fraud worth less than EUR 1 billion, while disregarding the tens of billions of euros lost due to the Generalised System of Preferences, free trade areas, customs presents to Chiquita and the billions lost to the fourth resource, GDP, as a result of the budgetary rationing pact.
My own view as a former development minister is that these issues should be mainstreamed themselves and tackled at the heart of training and not turned into a sort of optional add-on.
Of course, it is particularly important for people with special needs to have access to means of transport, services and all types of installation if they are to exercise their right to freedom of movement.
Neither can we tolerate a situation in which a public body holds the copyright to public documents.
This cannot be ignored or evaded, certainly not on account of soft law, as was once suggested at a meeting of our Committee.
That was a stick used to beat the Commission by the duty-free lobbies who resented the fact that the Commission abolished duty-free in airports.
I do not know if it breaks the record for all the resolutions presented here, but, for this type of resolution it certainly does.
There is a willingness but fear pervades, and to assuage this fear we must find political and religious leadership not only in Ireland but throughout the European Union.
Subject: Proposal for a regulation laying down the total admissible catches for specific fish populations for the year 2000, and the case of anchovies in particular The latest reports from the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea indicate that the current level of anchovy stocks in ICES zone VIII is critical.
Computer-controlled selling programmes turned a random blip into an avalanche, burying jobs, lives and industries across the globe.
We have asset inflation of global proportions.
The fact that we are stressing this is all the more important because, as you know, we essentially disagree with the policies made by Europe, with its economic and social policies, its democratic deficit and the Member States' involvement in the terrible war in the Balkans.
What I do see right across Europe is people drinking Coca Cola, eating hamburgers, wearing baseball caps, watching Hollywood films and often doing all this at the same time.
The goal for the years to come is to increase women' s participation to achieve a rate of 40% female participation in the Marie Curie grants, in consultative assemblies and in evaluation panels for the whole of the fifth framework programme for research and technical development.
I shall, however, mention the Spanish Socialist Party which has just formed an alliance with the butchers of Albacete and which settled its accounts with Basque nationalists by hiring contract killers.
To really guarantee sustainability - a buzzword which has, since it gained new currency, become relatively devoid of meaning, but we all know what we mean by it - what is needed, amongst other things, is an integrated approach in the countryside towards, for example, tourism and agriculture.
This is on account of the process of enlargement to the east and that of greater integration with the Mediterranean countries.
It is no good spending time on hobbies when there is a day' s work to be done.
Nonetheless, the French delegation in our group was unable to accept the fact that the Commission and the federalist faction have diverted the INTERREG initiative from its original purpose in order to detract still further from the political role of the nations.
With regard to the dialogue with our citizens, it is not a question of propaganda or marketing, nor even of communication.
This question is very important and I would like to know - since this is a kind of 'baby fraud' - whether the Commissioner will see to it that these funds are not taken away from the Andalusians, so that the funds which the European Union are going to pay to Andalusia, based on the census, will take into account these 400 000 children which Aznar does not count when it comes to providing them with schools and services.
If the labour market functions by means of certain levels of employment, flexibility and salary discipline, then it is impossible for the welfare state and social protection not to function, and vice versa.
We were told that a bus would meet us there on arrival.
Domestic and foreign investment will grow and more know-how and technology will be transferred, all of which will boost the ACP countries' competitiveness and ease their gradual integration into the world economy.
On average, to manage $US 10 million of aid there are 2.9 staff at the Commission, compared with 4.3 at the World Bank and between 4 and 9 in major Member States.
The Commission proposals being debated here will give it the face-lift it needs.
Corinne Caillaux, who had probably been raped, was found with her throat cut and covered in stab wounds in the lavatories on the train.
The next great challenge is to re-launch the new round of world trade negotiations that failed to take off last December in Seattle.
To date, however, Mr Kouchner only has about 2 000 police troops at his disposal. Moreover, half of this group is from the United States and Germany.
In this context, activity-based management is the key to ensuring coherence between objectives, actions and resources.
Thank you very much, Commissioner Patten. I would also like to thank you for allowing us to sample your British sense of humour in the course of our dealings with this very difficult issue, for it makes things a little more interesting.
It is perhaps difficult to know who is going to provide the salutary shock, and when.
But full employment will be restored when there are no longer any long-term unemployed and when every young person is offered at least one training course within at least six months of entering the job market.
We need an early warning system for violations of human rights. We also need a web site where we can present the work being done with regard to human rights, showing, for example, who is doing what and what results have been achieved.
A business which is estimated by the UNDP to be worth USD 7 billion.
This is the combination of Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, in itself a sensational combination, but this club never takes part in debates on technical work.
It is high time the European Parliament gave two Cadbury's Fingers to the chocolate snobs.
Fingerprinting is a serious invasion of privacy and the compatibility of such requirements with the European Convention on Human Rights needs to be carefully weighed. I am not sure that this has really been done.
A universal service points the right way, but the idea should not be implemented by providers which censor the Internet by using technical devices to deny their customers access to parts of the Net.
In the Lahore declaration, both presidents confirmed their determination to comply with the 1972 Simla agreement.
Precisely because of this impasse and the high risks involved, third parties must adopt a balanced approach. Third parties may urge both sides to de-escalate military confrontation in a structured way and resume comprehensive dialogue with a view to relaunching the Lahore peace process.
No one claims that the deterrent effect of the foreign exchange intervention instrument is proportional to the amount of reserves. However, credibility is enhanced by the option of being able to mobilise additional assets at any time without delay.
We now have legislation which threatens another transatlantic trade war - but that is another issue - which does not respect best environmental practice with performance criteria and which - surprise surprise - excludes aircraft using a modern US manufactured engine while permitting the continued use of the Rolls Royce engine which conveniently has a bypass ratio of 3.1.
As early as the beginning of April of this year, a campaign was begun to make travellers aware of what is happening. There are TV and cinema advertisements, posters at the airports and large placards.
They are also to see to it that, for example, hotel owners and staff are aware of, and contribute to, the work being done to combat the child sex trade.
With its proposal to establish a committee of inquiry, an alliance of Greens and of Members from the Left and Right of the political spectrum clearly want, however, to use Parliament as an arena for James Bond-style games.
Faced with a planetary phenomenon of migration, we counter it with plans, budgets and information campaigns.
It is not a question of the popping of champagne corks between Brussels and Strasbourg, that is an irrelevance if I might put it politely.
Our diet, however, often contains a cocktail of different substances whose combined effect is rarely identified!
There was concern about the way the Summit was being managed - it did not even appear in the programme for the current six-month period - with moments of confusion, suspense and abundant rumour-mongering, which were incompatible with the seriousness and rigour which should be expected from the European Union given the importance of this historic meeting, the first to be held at the highest level between European and African leaders.
I will not vote for this shopping list unless it is amended along the lines I have just set out.
The current increase in tension is being fuelled by statements by NATO officials and major new military exercises by NATO forces.
My question is this: is the Commission now seeking carte blanche for other products?
Medical reports have shown that people living near airports are having to deal with health problems of an unacceptably serious nature, such as insomnia, high blood pressure, stress and depression.
As has been mentioned this evening, e-commerce and online business are developing very rapidly and it is very important that we put in place a legislative framework in Europe within which it can develop and flourish.
Thirdly, if the funding of special envoys is transferred in future to the Council' s administration budget, as is supposed, it will mean that the gentlemen' s agreement between the Council and Parliament will have to be reviewed. Under this agreement, the Council and Parliament do not interfere with the content of each other' s budget.
In other words, we have been able to keep the BSE team going well.
New technology - in particular digital tachographs and individual smart cards for individual drivers on the tachograph - could be the best way to regulate the hours during which drivers are on the road and at work.
Because of different historical background, legal framework, type and numbers of reactors and different approaches to regulation, they cannot easily be harmonised into a set of common rules.
Given the sensitivity, the Bureau, the House and the Conference of Presidents should be given a detailed account of this breakdown in the system.
And why should those people who, of their own free will, want to be prostitutes have to suffer from what is essentially a ban on related activities and the subterfuge which, in practice, criminalise the practice of voluntary prostitution, even though prostitution is formally legal in many Member States?
And like everyone here in this Parliament, and all European journalists, I have been unable to go to Jaffna recently, nor have I seen any television coverage of the battle at Elephant Pass.
It is unfortunate that this resolution led to a match between Belgium and England, first within the PPE-DE and later on in this Chamber, too.
You can opt to buy replacement therapy rather than overdose on cigarettes.
I urge the governments involved to push for a halt on the release of new substances and to continue the phase-out of existing hazardous substances, putting in place a substitutes plan.
Let me give you a concrete example. In order to initiate a Community action in the context of the anti-doping campaign, we used inter alia the basis of texts relating to health, but there, too, the Member states, on the initiative of Sports Ministers, formed a committee to look into the best legal basis for the Commission' s anti-doping campaign.
The distribution in care, actions against trafficking in women and empowerment of women are important issues to me.
Let there be no mistake about this: all this is due to the disastrous actions of one man, the clique surrounding him, and his regime - Milosevic.
The monetary policy is certainly a lever which is capable of determining a country' s economic performance, for better or for worse, but it is for this very reason that we must not give the ECB responsibilities which cannot fall within its remit, either under the Treaty or in the light of the basic rules of economic policy.
I was particularly horrified by the idea of Mrs Randzio-Plath that we should actually enrol schoolchildren as the stormtroopers of this euro propaganda blitz.
The mislaying of the report relating to the Commission meeting, during which the penalty in the Flèchard case was decimated, is nothing short of a mockery.
At this point, I would like to protest at the behaviour of the Dutch police towards some Italian journalists who were filming the humiliating treatment of a group of disabled people who were being carried up the steps because there were not enough free seats for them.
It is therefore important that the necessary information should be made available, and more information should of course be made available than we receive whenever countries at present introduce new designs on notes and coins.
Mr President, wishful thinking sets the tone of this report in my view.
We are opposed, however, to setting up a college of diplomacy for training the staff. It must be possible for such training to take place as, for example, in-service or on the job training.
Due to the complexity of the material and the short time available to me, I will restrict myself to a few recapitulatory statements which I consider essential and which I hope the Commission will take into due consideration.
I cannot support your view because the communication is a reproduction of the old European TV and cinema cliché: direct public intervention through State agencies, welfarism and disregard for the nature of the market, a cliché which is characterising the audiovisual sector more and more.
This is important if we want to have a public service in Europe in an environment which is truly competitive - and this can be seen from the audience for public services - and also for the good of the private audiovisual service.
The issue is not whether Mr Solana or other representatives of the CFSP will make annual announcements to the European Parliament, but for the people of Europe to take their fate into their own hands and to intervene effectively to impose peace, brotherhood and international cooperation based on the common good.
If they intended, and really wanted, to combat doping, they would have already done so. But it is not in the interests of the International Olympic Committee, the international federations, the sponsors who invest in sport or the pharmaceutical industry.
Is competitive sport once again becoming a gladiatorial conflict, waged now by robotic humans armed with the latest bio- and cybertechnology and funded by politico-financial interests?
It undermines both fair play and genuine competition, and endangers the sportspeople who indulge in it.
Science has always had two sides to it: it has always been the case that discoveries can be used for our benefit or against us: the wheel can be used to move us around more quickly or to kill people; revolvers can be used to defend or murder people; atomic energy can improve our lives or make atomic bombs.
Not for nothing did the Dutch chef de mission, Andre Bolhuis, nickname the Olympic Games in Atlanta the Olympic War, probably because these games involved thousands of police and because of the hostile atmosphere which the American public and their media created with regard to overseas sportspeople.
The golden era of Communist nomenclature has generated a climate of such contempt towards people in the old Soviet Union, with so few standing a chance of survival in the present day, that this is why we are now facing this terrible disaster.
Lastly, I should like once more to make it clear to Parliament that we have not used these doubts or this quarrel about interpretation in relation to Eurodac as an excuse for inaction: the Commission has already submitted a working paper on revising the Dublin Convention, which it has in fact sent to the European Parliament.
For example, as regards the subject under discussion, an extensive hinterland which is currently served by a large number of ports could start channelling traffic to just a few of them in order to ensure that they meet the more stringent eligibility criteria.
Commissioner, the inquiry has been followed up by a fiche d'impact.
Is Afghanistan condemned to sink back into the dark ages and suffocate slowly under the Taliban yoke, in the image of its women under the weight of the obligatory chador?
Unfortunately, Mrs Haug has adopted a political line which only takes account of the supporters of a federal Europe. A line in which she, like her predecessor Mr Bourlanges, is attempting to break through the financial ceiling.
In the Netherlands, the debate has focused on a European Food Safety Agency, which could be seen as Europe' s answer to the American FDA.
The objective must be to establish one single payment area, where cross-border payments are subject to the same conditions and accompanied by the same costs as domestic transactions.
That is not the be all and end all for this Charter' s status.
During the 1990s, a sharp fall in contributions has penalised health funds. Almost everywhere in Europe this has resulted in a ticket system which penalises patients by making them contribute to the cost of medical treatment and in the marked decline of preventative medicine.
The documents that have come to light are nothing less than a smoking gun.
Dmitrij Zavadskij, a film maker for Russian TV who disappeared in mysterious circumstances from Minsk Airport on 7 July of this year; and, finally, Jurij Karpenko, leader of the Civil Party and former Mayor of Molodechno, who died suddenly and in obscure circumstances in August 1999.
Commissioner, we have a directive for end-of-life vehicles.
A few weeks ago, the west of France was struck by another ecological disaster, the wreck of the chemical tanker, the Ievoli Sun, and it is only today that the European Parliament will take the decision to strengthen maritime safety.
The second part is not because the term 'Aufsichtsrat' - to use the German expression - is encompassed by the Dutch term 'bestuur' (board) and is subject to the same obligations as all managers of a company.
What we are in fact seeing here, in both the minor and major incidents, is the extent to which the Europe of Nice, designed to be a driving force, has in fact broken down, irretrievably broken down, for the reasons clearly described by Mr Bourlanges the day after the Nice Summit.
They are harassed at work, with the result that, in the end, they give in and allegedly retire from their job voluntarily.
If they do not do so then, as others have already said, this will automatically mean asking the Commission to draw up legislation in this area which will at least prevent accidents from occurring as a result of pilots spending too long at the controls.
A car in a garage is completely harmless, but when it is being used wrongly it is like a deadly weapon.
You know I tabled an amendment concerned in particular with the question of motorcyclists and safety barriers, and I would be glad if you and your group could endorse it tomorrow, since I myself am a motorcyclist and am therefore obviously very familiar with this problem.
Though, of course, this is undoubtedly more difficult than adopting a purely punitive approach, which involves, for example, installing a radar monitor in an unmarked police car, at the end of a completely deserted sliproad to a three-lane motorway.
Paragraph 12 demands, requests, calls on the Member States to consider how to apply specific VAT arrangements to publications which are downloaded.
The views expressed by this House will, indeed, be valuable to the Commission in developing its strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit, a proposal which, I repeat, must be practical, or it will be a weak summit.
It is very important for Ireland's music and publishing industry that music can be accessed through the Internet legally.
One must also ask why people stake everything they own in order to be smuggled into an unknown country in unsafe conditions.
In the medium term, my group is certainly in favour of far-reaching reform of the common agricultural policy, a reform that would put an end to spending all the budget on illegitimate funding of agribusiness which centres on high productivity and is dangerous to human health and to the environment.
I believe that the latest air raids on Iraq illustrate with startling clarity what is at stake.
I believe it is a back-door privatisation of immigration procedures and, as others have said, it passes the responsibility for checking documents to check-in staff or drivers rather than leaving it with official immigration staff who should be well trained in a non-racist and humane way.
Madam President, I should like to congratulate the Swedish Presidency on a good home page.
A compulsory brief beforehand is therefore a minimum requirement. It is also necessary for the different observation teams to work together more closely.
Will it be possible in future to grant compulsory licences if, for example, a compulsory link can simply be set up on one well-known web page to another web page?
However, from now on, the main amounts of these transactions are going to be considered as financial assets that do not count as public debt, which could enable the net debt, and therefore excessive public debt, to be disguised or hidden, which is unacceptable.
We find this competition for media attention highly inappropriate. What would be far better, in our view, are collaboration and coordination, taking into account the expertise of the aforementioned organisations, which both have great experience in this area and a wider circle of members.
Regarding the suggested lifting of the Moratorium on GM crops, gene transfer is now a proven fact. In my own country of Ireland what hope is there of protected non-GM crops from contamination of this kind?
And we are talking about cosmetics, not medical products; we are talking about shampoos and anti-wrinkle creams, and as Mr Davies said earlier, there is certainly no shortage of those in the shops already.
The Commission, and especially the Council itself tend to overlook this. I have the impression that the Council is, in some respects, acting in a way reminiscent of Mafia leaders in the United States who exchange mutual territories, and not so much like the competent budgetary authority that the Council should be.
On page 34, in his Explanatory Statement, he says that the discharge procedure will ideally result in a win-win scenario. In other words, everyone will win: the Commission as the auditee and Parliament as the auditor, and therefore, of course, the taxpayers as well, some of whom are sitting up in the public gallery.
I am very pleased that he has actually ensured that the final piece of the TENs jigsaw has been put in its rightful place.
It is thus not a slip of the tongue but a deliberate campaign.
Just in the last few days, we were saddened to learn that Brice Fleutiaux, the French reporter who had been held hostage for several months in Chechnya and on whose behalf we intervened, was unable to overcome the depression that affected him as a result of his incarceration, and took his own life.
The European Central Bank still refuses to lower interest rates, because it is obsessed with the threat of inflation, which is still on the horizon, and the President of the Bundesbank recently reminded us that the European Central Bank is not responsible for either growth or employment.
It is the first time I have heard that drink driving is not just a crime but the sort of a crime which can only be punished by violating borders.
The dramatic events in Palestine over recent months, the heroic intifada of the Palestinian people and barbaric suppression by Israel have forced the European Parliament to adopt a resolution highlighting the responsibility of the state of Israel.
The sticker matches the Mrs Lindh' s suit perfectly.
We also want the Commission, in partnership with the automotive industry, to develop safer and more user-friendly systems for air bags.
I wish to pay particular tribute to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Anna Lindh, who I would say has acted decisively, graciously and with her habitual charm in implementing all of the presidency' s work.
Alternate rules operate quite legally within the Internet, but have relatively limited visibility and can be difficult to access, because the majority of browsers, quite naturally, point at names servers related to ICANN-authorised top-level domains.
With all due respect, your new think-tank consists mainly of elderly people who have all contributed to shifting power from voters and elected representatives to officials and ministers.
I wanted to make an understatement and, as the Commissioner has pointed out, it is difficult to make a joke in a language that is not one' s own.
To these must be added the natural disasters which struck Poland this summer, floods and tornadoes which caused severe damage both in material terms and in terms of loss of human life.
I was in Genoa over those days and I was a direct witness of the police jeeps driven at full speed and the police charges against peaceful marches, as well as the hundreds of tear-gas grenades thrown at thousands of defenceless people, amongst whom were children and disabled persons.
The receipt of e-mail is considerably less free of strings for the receiver than the receipt of paper leaflets and brochures.
But first of all, in that case, supporters of the system are already assuming that there are a substantial number of bad companies that make a mess of things, and secondly, it may be well targeted from a marketing point of view if I receive information about baby clothes, but I do not want to download romper suits or nappies to my screen at my own expense.
Only prevention by means of information campaigns and clear explanation of the irreversible consequences of this practice will help to eradicate it. These campaigns must be carried out by NGOs, but with the firm commitment of governments and the decisive support of leaders, religious leaders in particular; education campaigns in schools, directed at boys and girls, such as those being carried out with considerable success in Burkina Faso, as Mrs Campaore has told us today.
As you know, I was born in a country that understands terrorism, with 65 000 dead - please remember that the LTT suicide bombers in Sri Lanka are not Muslims - but the world has so far turned a blind eye on twenty-three years of terrorism.
All the wrangling, as a number of honourable members have already said, is about avoiding the notion of public intervention in the economy. I fail to understand why.
We know that our relay interpreting system causes problems now and again.
It has been pointed out that the average jogger exceeds the limit by a factor of 7 or 8, while even walking down a road could break the rules.
The same is true of restaurants, souvenir shops and boutiques.
The aides, or 'sherpas' , used by the Heads of State, have reintroduced a method that is reminiscent of nineteenth century secret diplomacy.
There has been a huge amount of hype on this directive aimed at protecting lawyers' vested interests and not, I am afraid to say, individual rights.
Mr Lange, I know we are talking about a White Paper, but this White Paper sketches a mere initial outline of our views, and when we in the PPE-DE express our opinions, we like our subsequent actions to be consistent with them.
In this regard, Mr Michel stated that the membership of the Bureau or Presidium of the Convention remains open.
Indeed, the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy would suggest that the Commission hoists a spinnaker and speeds up its implementation.
Those who want to get rich by playing the sorcerer' s apprentice will one day have to pay royalties to the Creator.
For that is exactly what lesbians and gay men are. They are ordinary men and women made extraordinary by society's preoccupation with their sex lives.
The European Council has decided to set up a forum, something for which Mr Barnier, in his role as Commissioner, has frequently and with verve expressed his open support.
Of course we must have protections in place to ensure that those who are guilty of wrongdoing, fraud, racketeering and of interfering with Community assets and finances should be excluded from public contracts.
In fact the murder of the journalist Veronica Guerin in my country galvanised politicians and police into action which smashed a savage gangster culture in Ireland.
We are seriously behind schedule, and the persistence of this hotchpotch of regulations is creating barriers which are costing the European citizens dearly.
To sum up, we are in favour of opening the market to competition, provided this would enable us to refine the postal services, but we do not want to throw out the baby with the bathwater.
Mr President, as an aside, I should like to inform you that the Irish have just won the first race at the Cheltenham festival.
Mr President, I am wearing my Irish scarf today.
I would like to remind you that the last occasion when discreet surveillance was used was the Barcelona Council, to prevent the streets of Barcelona from being turned into some sort of battleground, as happened in Genoa. The temporary suspension of the Schengen Agreement allowed the Spanish police to stop several troublemakers at the border, who were carrying clubs and baseball bats with which to break shop windows, for example.
Something that has been developed for a sophisticated technology-based organisation is not appropriate for Joe's Cafe in Lewisham High Street or Jean Dupont's bistro in the rue de la Révolution in Marseilles.
The new legislation before us means that by 2006 motorcycles and scooters will be just as clean as a modern car registered in the Euro III category.
I believe that both the Commission proposal and Parliament's report make a further contribution to a stronger financial internal market, to facilitation of cross-border activity and to greater harmonisation in this area, which is dependent on public trust and of importance to transparency.
He was a sailor and, last night, I dreamed that he and his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, were sailing a yacht across a stormy sea.
You have fans in the visitors' gallery, but unfortunately, they are not permitted to applaud. However, the Members in the body of the House may do so.
Otherwise, we are just legitimising lawless Wild-West violence in other parts of the world, for example Israel's massacre of Palestinians or perhaps Russian interventions in Georgia.
On that basis, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I would like to remind you that at the meeting you kindly invited us to in Copenhagen, you spoke of the three phases of the Danish Presidency: the first did not depend on you; it was the Irish referendum, the final element of this year's electoral rally. Finally, it has been won.
It lays on special chartered aircraft in order to deport them en masse and there is no follow-up to see what happens to them when they get back to their countries of origin.
Indeed, the rapporteur puts ingredients that are too different and too unrelated into a cocktail shaker in the hope that the result will be a digestible, well-balanced cocktail with an approach that can be submitted for the approval of all the Member States, an approach including shared, common principles on which legislation and positions can be based in the endeavour to guarantee the fundamental rights of all the citizens.
It is my belief that without a major and ambitious policy on rail infrastructure, our attempts at opening up the sector will not put a stop to the dominance of road transport but will only lead to a fight between the various rail companies.
I would point out that, apart from its natural appeal as a direct vertical line connecting Northern Europe to the Mediterranean, just recently, traffic going to the Brenner tunnel - in Austria, therefore, but in Italy too - has increased immeasurably for very long periods because of the closure of first the Mont Blanc tunnel and then the St Gotthard tunnel and because of the acute crises at the Fréjus pass and the Swiss passes.
It is not the presidency's fault that, five days later, the Spanish Prime Minister, Mr Aznar or Anzar, as his friend Mr Bush likes to call him, broke this agreement and moved away from the common position of the European Union in order to go off to the American president's ranch and help prepare the proposal for a Security Council resolution to declare war on Iraq.
That little tablet forms part of a specific youth culture, whose motto is that it is nice to let your hair down at the weekend, as long as you are up early again on Monday.
Amman was selected as regional hub for this crisis because this office has adequate human and logistic resources to respond immediately to the new needs in the field.
Decades later, at a time when the Warsaw Pact still existed, East German citizens took part in a pan-European lakeside picnic by the Fertö Tó, or Neusiedler See, an event which our fellow MEPs Otto von Habsburg and Bernd Posselt had helped to organise, before striking out again on the road to freedom, and it was Hungarian border guards who stood aside and let them pass.
. (FR) I voted against the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report because it is an ultraliberal document which ultimately takes the view that the Broad Economic Policy Guidelines do not come up to expectations.
I think that this is not the time to transfer American kitsch to the European Union and for us to become even more farcical than we were on the issue of Iraq.
Who still knows nowadays how to make a stew, potato dumplings or mashed potato?
It is just that the staging is a little tired and the cast is less than brilliant.
Last year money for the tsunami disaster was taken from other Asian programmes without any increase and this year, because the tsunami funding has decreased, the Commission has cut the funding again.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October 2006. This report mentions how an Internet blog created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual, was shut down.
Mortgage brokers could play an important role in helping borrowers access mortgage credit from domestic and non-domestic lenders.
She left a very lucrative career with the Bolshoi to come back and recreate our ballet group from scratch. It is now a very powerful group, perhaps one of the best in our part of the world, and it will soon be touring worldwide.
What that means in terms of the work programme is that it ought to have been the prelude to a final spurt, aiming high and promising speed.
That is why the contributions of Mr Titford and Mr Heaton-Harris are so misplaced: they are aimed at alarming the British tabloids.
The second reason is deforestation, especially the authorised clearing of river valleys for developments such as the construction of holiday chalets but also for industrial estates and shopping centres.
In that context I am very grateful to you and to the Council for giving consumers of pre-packed bread in the United Kingdom - that is over 80% of regular eaters of bread every day - assurances that their traditional sizes of loaf, which they perceived to be under threat from this proposal, are guaranteed and that they will still be able to enjoy and consume every morning with their marmalade toast made in their traditional sizes of pre-packed bread.
Let me take you back to an Arctic night in January 1968, still the era of the Cold War - indeed the facts of this story sound like an international thriller.
Radio Caracas TV will be able to transmit via cable, satellite and the Internet, and therefore those who claim that the decision represents an act that is hostile to freedom of expression know this to be a lie.
(DE) Mr President, when we hear about toxic substances in babies' bibs, children's clothing and toys, or even of self-igniting batteries, it is clear that our system of controls is not working properly.
According to a report from the International Trade Union Confederation, factories producing gadgets for these Olympics are allowing breaches of employment laws, including the exploitation of small children as slaves.
We know that it is also necessary to take account of discrimination within the local social and economic context which is unfavourable to women and is even worse in the case of indigenous women living in serious poverty and economic dependence, with the additional problem of the activities of criminal gangs.
Similarly, standing barefoot on freezing floors often follows the removal of footwear before going through the security detector.
One is that, obviously, this subject of statistics is not a very sexy subject and is always placed at the end of the agenda.
If we are to be serious about combating child obesity, if we are serious about improving child health and if we are serious about getting children away from video games and into sport, we must provide better facilities for physical education in all schools and ensure that the teachers have the specialist knowledge to teach the subject.
Research into telecommunications systems that do not get so easily jumped in the panic that follows an earthquake and research into specialised equipment for detecting and extracting victims from collapsed buildings are other areas where research can be most helpful and very rewarding.
The great game of rugby league went metric years ago.
Because the couple are under house arrest they used a webcam link to take part in a hearing of the European Parliament on the human rights situation in China.
I have to say, Mr Nassauer, that if you had asked me a year ago whether in my opinion we would reach a bipartisan agreement on protection of the environment through criminal law, with Mr Nassauer as rapporteur and at first reading, I would probably not have believed it.
It wants to ensure that waste food is converted to energy by anaerobic digestion. It wants to restrict the number of materials used in packaging to just four which are easy to recycle or compost and it wants to print simple symbols on all packaging to make it easy for customers to recycle or compost their waste.
At the moment, bathing in Hungary's only genuine river wetland is only to be recommended if you are wearing one of the swimsuits shown in the pictures distributed to Members of this House, and which are also to be seen on flyers and posters.
We therefore need a suitable European policy, capable of exploiting this resource to the maximum, and turning Europe into a driver and not just an assembler of national policies.
Recent years have seen revolutionary changes in communication technology: cell phones and the development of the Internet and wireless networks have diametrically changed the face of telecommunication.
In order to improve maternal health in developing countries, the European Union must condemn the US global gag rule, as well as the ban on the use of contraceptives advocated by some churches.
Private equity involves enormous numbers of leveraged buyouts, LBOs, which have been carried out with virtually no own capital.
But the quality of a blog stands or falls by its author and not all bloggers are equally honourable in their intentions.
There are many improvements, including the following: the European call number 116 will be extended beyond the scope of missing children, there will be a breakthrough in the transparency of contracts and prices, it will be easier to terminate contractual relations at an early stage, ordinary users will have easier access to protection software, disabled users will be guaranteed equal access and spam will be more precisely defined.
Every year more than 400 000 young people are added to the long list of those who are destined to know all about the yo-yo effect of dieting.
The real test of a currency's success is the degree of confidence in the market, and that is measured in this case by the bond spreads between euro-zone states.
Retrofitting is a good thing, but it requires a harmonised process to be got underway, and I would once again urge the Commission to do this.
All we would be doing is telling the car designers to sit down in front of their computers and start building and designing the cars of the future.
Hence in the context of Country Strategy Papers also, our Parliament has taken care to ensure that development resources are not appropriated for security operations.
The fight against illegal immigration cannot only be waged in the underground stations in London or Madrid but must also be carried out in the human resources departments of the many companies that employ illegal workers in order to exploit them and deprive them of their rights.
A computer game cannot replace talking to one's grandmother. The joystick is no equivalent to an hour spent with one's grandfather in the garage.
This was an act of appeasement to a Dark Age ideology and it seems that we do not quite have the free movement of ideas across European Union borders.
I therefore propose that the national states, by nationalising their national banks, advocate printing money, or vouchers corresponding to money, to finance small businesses.
We would like access to documents that cannot be consulted: for example, on the holocaust of Italian military prisoners, who underwent attempts at brainwashing and were held without food, many under worse conditions than in the Nazi prison camps, who died amidst a thousand forms of suffering and under torture, including psychological torture, by the Soviet communist agitprop machinery but sadly also inflicted by Italian communists.
(FR) Mr President, it was with sadness and bitterness that I discovered that the oral question with debate on rosé wines and permitted oenological practices that I and my fellow Members from a large number of political groups submitted within the deadline was not on this week's agenda.
Moreover, the Commission is developing a multimedia campaign for young people in all Member States and involving multipliers via on-line social media, blogs, and on-line magazines.
I will begin with a flashback to the year 1933.
That is why I should like to urge you once again in all earnestness, as instructed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, not to confuse the question of the civil use of nuclear power with a revival of the potential for nuclear disarmament.
If you will permit me, as we say in France, this has been the drop of water that has made the vase overflow, with this water having also been authorised for blending wine, just like the 'woodwork' wines made with wood chips rather than in barrels were previously authorised, and the wines made with imported musts were nearly authorised.
Since then, Madagascar has been troubled by unstable governments with threats of secession and impeachment punctuating a rough politics.
In my constituency, there is a very successful business, called Austria Email AG, which manufactures electric boilers.
These countries are the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada. internet users from these countries will be able to read 20% of e-books free of charge (with the costs covered by advertisers) and will have to pay to read the remaining 80%.
New rules are now in force, under which users of Wi-Fi have to pay for a connection, for which they need to provide an e-mail address to have a password and a username sent.
The European Commission which this Parliament voted in yesterday contains Communists, former apparatchiks of brutal Communist regimes in Eastern Europe and their fellow travellers.
Subject: Consumer choice and smart phone technology
(FR) Mr President, this Parliament has a particular talent when it comes to reforms of the Rules of Procedure, which are always designed to diminish the rights of the minority, or underdogs, Untermenschen, that we are to some extent.
The truth is that the crisis caused the Spanish property bubble to burst and it is hard to see what justification there is for an adjustment to globalisation ... If you look at what is being financed (for example, 57 promotions of entrepreneurship costing EUR 3 000 each, giving a total of EUR 171 000, 16 training workshops combined with work placements costing EUR 12 500 each, giving a total of EUR 200 000 and so forth), where is the adjustment to globalisation?
So, colleagues, at a time when governments across the EU are making substantial budget cuts, scaling back public services and support to families and businesses, we cannot continue with a banking culture that prioritises bankers' pay and perks over sustaining capital and credit for Europe's economic recovery.
An early demonstration of what will happen in 2080 as a result of these activities can only serve as a warning to stop the clock of disasters that is set for the whole world - no one is exempted, not even ourselves.
It has therefore eliminated the cuts proposed by the Council, which were often applied indiscriminately and even in key budget lines, as in the case of the accounting clearance under heading 2, revealing a lack of clear, reasoned political decision making underpinning the proposal.
With regard to the safeguarding of small and medium-sized enterprises and their national products, it is not the big companies that need such protection. Indeed, I believe that they absolutely do not need it seeing as they travel the world with their brands.
Mr President, as an Irish MEP, it gives me no great pleasure to come in here this morning and hear almost every speaker refer to Ireland because of our economic situation, particularly when a few years ago we were seen as almost the pin-up boys of economic success in the European Union.
I want to say again here how important it is to introduce a common intranet portal for ombudsmen to exchange all this information.
At the present time, the majority of recently developed new vaccine candidates are still in the preclinical development phase or beginning clinical development.
In 2010, as a result of the AIFM Directive, one in four hedge funds left the City of London.
There is currently a boom in sales of tight gas and shale gas from the USA.
As to the scope, noting that each nuclear plant has its own specificities, the following core areas could possibly be addressed by the assessment: flood risk, seismic risk, backup systems and emergency procedures.
People tortured in the most brutal way in order to release passwords on Facebook and the names of comrades working on Facebook.
Europe looks to me like a football team that is losing 2-0 whose players think they can recover by not passing the ball any more and trying to score alone.
I know that there is a compromise and, since we are waiting for the IGC to provide us with an improved definition of the committees, I think it important that Parliament should confirm its intention of opposing committee 3a in this sector in particular in which - and Mr Kouchner was right to point this out - matters are urgent, and the Commission has to have a free hand and be able to take decisions more flexibly than is currently allowed by the Council.
Headed by the public prosecutor Helmut Meier-Staude, first they created the demand for plutonium, so that they could then make loud noises about a nuclear market and present themselves as anti-crime supermen.
On the other hand, failure or a limited outcome from this conference would lead Europe to rush in the wrong direction, with the single currency being introduced under the worst psychological conditions and completely at odds with the expectations of its citizens.
I do not think that 'typical products' should be a label that is just bandied around: they are an expression of the huge funds of knowledge and professionalism of European farming as a whole.
You know well that the calls issued from Boulevard Saint-German in Paris or from this floor will not save a single Algerian life.
Furthermore, absolutely no attention is paid to what I will call the insider-outsider problem.
I call on Parliament to send its condolences to the relations of skipper Danny O'Driscoll who died as a result of this incident and, indeed, to the community of Castletownbear.
And yet citizens are experiencing day by day the economic horror which provided the recent title for a famous French bestseller.
The Council assumes that the Provisional Legislature will be replaced as soon as possible after the transfer of sovereignty by a permanent legislature to be elected in accordance with the principles laid down in the Basic Law.
It opens the way for misinterpretation which is very dangerous. This could be applied to both sexes, we could say that women cannot be policemen, for example, or men cannot go into childcare.
These pressures should concern technical improvements and technological transfers, since the more backward countries have an alarming rate of incidents and accidents.
I shall cite one practical example, and everyone there in Kyoto should ask the Americans if they could not put an end to it. I am frequently told that people in many open-plan offices in the USA wear jerseys in summer because the air-conditioning is badly set.
The guarantee fund would act as a booster, and would stimulate investment in this sector, where the risks are high, but without however - and this should be emphasized - placing a long-term burden on the European Union's budget.
We have emphasized the priorities that have always been defined - the role of the small and medium-sized businesses, the role of training, the role of the parties in providing opportunities in employment policies - and that correspond exactly with the guidelines by which the individual Member States have undertaken to draw up their plans on employment.
I have seen the first designs in Austria, but I was somewhat surprised that  Euro' is printed above the euro, but  Eurocent' is printed above the cent.
There are in fact habitual false asylum seekers who, having failed in one Member State, are likely to try their luck in all the others in turn, in order to turn a possible loophole to their advantage.
Some of the speeches I have heard today sound as if we are setting ourselves up as a sort of grand jury where these countries are concerned.
Women - and here the Committee on Women's Rights is quite right - find themselves in something of a  sandwich' situation. First they go out to work, then they want children.
Apart from the situations mentioned by Ms Oddy, the whole issue of telemarketing, for example, is important.
That is why my group had wanted to speak about Cuba. There are over 500 political prisoners in Cuba, and yet this Parliament continues to flirt with the líder maximo from a completely misplaced feeling of solidarity.
There was a sketch where Eric Morecambe is playing and is making a real honky-tonk noise.
This soap opera has done little to advance Europe's cause and our country's.
There is no point in saying that we will now make environmental policy with great aplomb if we continually claim that unemployment is our number one problem and our social systems are no longer capable of eliminating unemployment.
The more poor people there are in the towns and their suburbs - often called shanty towns - the more insecurity there is and the more police officers or security guards are employed, and this also comes at a high price.
But both these circumstances have since changed. Today, books are in the main cheaper and, in what is known as the modern mega-store, every book is in stock anyway.
I ask you: should only paperback American bestsellers be available in European libraries in the future?
I must say that we were assisted partly by an Austrian Presidency which was keen to move in the direction advocated by Parliament, and partly by the Commissioner, Mrs Cresson, who was of course on our side, given that Parliament's proposal dovetailed with that of the Commission.
There are those of my colleagues who say that we should have gone along with that line of action, that we should have called the Council's bluff and should have carried on with the strategic amendment.
But dialogue should not turn into ownership. Members cannot be seen as products on the shelves of some kind of political supermarket available for purchase by those who have the money.
During this World Cup, ladies and gentlemen, you saw thousands of little Zidanes and Marcel Desaillys, coming from the working-class neighbourhoods of Marseilles, Toulouse and Strasbourg to applaud the exploits of the great Zidane and the great Desailly, but also those of the great Owen, the great Beckham, and the great Di Pietro.