In the United States, the current system, many existing constituencies call them swing states or they're constituencies, they're voters.
Or whatever the case we tell you before the news about the overpass and the importance of it, good news in Doha
It's important that people talk about the breaking news of social media and communication.
1 and this method of cooling and grinding the meat becomes the means of grinding, we call salt contamination.
It's good. It's about election scams that people talk about. On social media people say it's been 50 years
We are not in consciousness. Our stuff is all a customer. Or it's hard enough after everything else has passed away like us, how hard it hasn't been
With the goddess of Riza's house, they made a phone call, called the fourth of July, and we were not devastated enough.
She will be mourning her grandfather made the chef steak
This storage of al'aba is IKEA
Eve is safe, I'll take the phone for the test you saw.
Now I'm going to do a test, maybe I'll see a few more.
Our schedule, all print -- that is, up to several moons, up to a dozen moons of eight.
So far, they have printed them all out.
Yes, by God. So I can't have you see the time when I set our schedule.
Extra protection and he said with God we will do nothing else, and he said we will do our best to get rid of him --
Three or four of our cases occurred in our shower.
He's going to be part of something nice so he's going to be part of something nice with the little kids and
Sometimes, messages are sent to me by phone from my father.
It's true. Everyone has chickens, there is a community, there is a church, there is enough of us, my family is here.
Many of our clients are Arabs, and you've seen the times when they come and eliminate language.
Seconds. The child matches, they join in sweetness and beauty.
It's ready. We haven't eaten yet, get that nap and we'll eat it.
It's true, it's true. What can we do? You've given up on your transcript, you've made a phone call, you've written a letter?
It's the cake it's the backyard so soon you didn't come, we planted the bags, the bags and so on.
We're going to make a volleyball game that's even nicer than a volleyball game.
Children can get away with it, or they will learn volleyball from the nation.
Let's buy ourselves a ball, buy ourselves a net, let's play.
And I'm telling you, you've got two kilos of this little red cherry that's full of nothing.
My sister lives in Texas. I've got my house there, my kids are here. I'm going to come with a green card.
Is this not Google Translate?
Yes he is a Bedel Bosel for Google Translate
I don't have a job, I'm looking for my own job, I have a truck.
Box trucks, they call these trucks in Turkey.
And then I say thank you on the application.
Walla had a positive impact or, I don't know some of the plot of fears
The incident was reported positive, and the fire was not contained.
And then we're going, they're driving their car to the door, they're loading it with a forklifts.
If we don't have a contact with a forklift, it doesn't have an adverse effect on our health.
Yes. You see, how are you? You work at the university, don't you?
university -- university gives you this opportunity?
Well thank you all, by god me and my little girl Arya, we've come to the park. They call themselves daddies, to swing
Hey, let's see. He's swinging right now.
this state of our state of Indiana will now it
Says the corona corona I am bored -- yes son of such things
middle school, or as we call high school
As a volunteer, he taught me a lesson in Hebrew, Latin.
Yes, she also wants to learn Spanish.
IU is a bit like what they call a hybrid
Isn't that right? ours will also be hybrid.
Here the lesson is for some sections, or perhaps most of them with undergrade as well as the subject of which
Yes, let's call the lesson discussion as discussion
She also accepted her proposal.
But we don't accept it. But the front room is empty, and it's forbidden.
Oh. Or is this Island not like that, or is it in the middle of the water?
Island is, yeah Island -- Island. You go in English, you go on a boat, you go to Iceland.
Renas said I was looking for Ramezan, he said I was working. I said right, I didn't come when I came, his location was near Harlem.
Like late mam downtown come your neighbor, I say I'll come to you but come in that leather
There's Montrose Park. We came here from there and went home again, went downtown the next day.
It's all about why not.
I'm afraid Solin's mom is going to be a big problem, so get her a puppy, puppy
Or in a difficult situation so that the speakers say that or we normally call it a puppy.
Don't you give a note?
Walla surrendered. That's what ten seconds says.
We're going to our teacher's cottage in Jefferson Park.
And a soccor climb is an artificial one.
Bahadine says we want to go with soccer and Jian wants to come.
A Bahaddin will do something to his chick if he can't undergraduate.
Coach -- he's a soccer coach, you know, they get a lot of money, you know?
^ is there at the University of Chicago?
If you have a certification, you can coach
You know, football isn't much money, you know.
Yes, you're right. Yes, it's American and basketball.
What did your teacher do? You found yourself in a house in Uick, it was Queensey, what was the name of the suburb?
Queensey's Queensey is not a suburb, it's four se'ate from here.
We also said we are Turkish then we don't know ourselves diversity
Minority of them, we put ourselves in the hole. He also gave us not good at it
Yaw means we're a little relaxed there, we're a democracy here, I don't know what it is, but there is discrimination there.
If I don't go to the North soon, I can get Jia too, then go. Let's help each other figure out what happened.
It's not good, it's good walla teacher Yi Jian what will she do after school, this semester?
If he doesn't stay here, he will have an internship somewhere, she will stay there.
He will do an internship, he will work in the lab.
She will develop some skills in her lab, she will be good at school at that time, she will be good at classes.
Is it true? Have you ever been to our gym, a gym?
They run it in the gym, and then they run it on us.
Yaw we went to the top of the mountain in the Rocky Mountains, National Park.
Oh, my God -- When you went to the Rocky Mountains, my photographer in Wyoming saw my photographer.
I didn't see the animals, but I saw the animals on the Rocky Mountains.
There was a lot of people there for the fourth of July, it was very crowded.
Ooh, you don't have any experience of the cardinal, and I understand you as much as you do about the madrassas.
I'm afraid, I told you there was going to be a hurricane, it didn't.
We said we might see a hurricane
No, it didn't happen, so I watched it at work today, so maybe it was a hurricane.
They were waiting for it, and I knew the hurricane was good.
Or basement of so many things, what's the top of the tower?
Here yaw now the barrier today was good.
That's not yaw. One here is ewik. It's near the ocean.
Chunky Osman told me he saw a furniture store, he saw Emrah's herald
This is an Amazon Web Service, I'm going to try it out for certification.
There are videos, there are. There are tutorial examples on Udemy's, and then they are difficult to find on the internet.
He had a tutorial.
There are about a dozen servers, cloud partitioner he and Bahoz distand, he is a beginner.
It's like, you don't have to get a beginner, you can start an intermediate. My intermediate also started, so you don't need a beginner. I can get a beginner, that's all.
One Amazon personally handed me her own documentation, which she described very well.
It's only the head of the class that makes you money, that's all.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, seven questions.
Question a on the scenario.
If you don't want to make a small amount of money, you have to make a small amount of money.
Cheko Cheko is heik, that is, they do what they have learned.
It is a good certificate for, for example, to show your resume, for example, many companies do it, resume to others.
You're going to a new state, and I'm going to the downtown area, right?
Yes, yes. But I didn't know you had a background, it was very good, I didn't know.
I'm fine, who is this? What is going on?
Great was good, it was good.
Bahaddin, what is this? What is this phone?
You can go to Seattle at the end of the week.
What do you say to him, English family man, run by one.
I will send it to you if I write the address of the destination.
how many containers is, I don't know
A large, long truck
truck this is, maybe it will be whether it
There it is covid nineteen.
I have a wife, a son, a daughter, a son, a daughter, a son, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, a daughter, and a daughter.
If he survives, if they find the vaccine, where is your office, so where is your company?
No, they're sending remote because of her
We're going to do life insurance.
and investment means you
wanting to be a parent wanting to be a child wanting to be a life insurance
That's why they're making our Application, that's why.
says internal application or internal or
Yes, we can only buy twenty-five pounds of corn.
But the general secretary of the girl's family wants, that is, they don't come.
a dead person with a stuffed chicken in his stomach
spice or spice.
Yes, with the god of bread ha lo we are the white one and the black one we are the ones making the general.
On our side, the one from our country is like Arabian, while the middle eastern is like the white one, but the American one is
says brown
It's brown. The wa key comes from the one with the black wilo with the black wilo without the black wilo. It's actually better.
I'm with you -- You
It is a remote, home-operated information technology.
Be a U.S. citizen.
One day he went to his institute, one day he's home. But I don't know if his internet cameras are good, I don't know what his problem is.
For example, the mirror I'm teaching you, we're all going to work on it, information technology works on it,
What is the Tactical dialect and what is the Iranian dialect of Tehran?
He says we should teach them the Cyrillic alphabet because we can read the sigan.
Who did the Cyrillic alphabet come from? India or India?
It's not illegal to go there, people go there and spend their holidays there.
You can't ask but we have a tool, called The Question Answer if you have a question
or mute and you keep talking, you keep silent, you can talk.
Is it during class time or after class one that is one that is office hours, how is it?
we have office hours, as usual if you have a question
Does he answer the same teacher or does he have an assistant?
He has an assistant.
He has an assistant and like the others we also see things from the technical class we see behavior class, they call FA skills.
Yes, of course, no company that does not give a certificate of authenticity to this company.
Chunky this school that we study in college is in university
What she doesn't have a major, she doesn't have a school.
We have a lot of tools, we will get them, if you get their certificates, you should get them now.
For example, if you get a Java certificate, it means you know Java.
It is said that in Khartoum, the situation is not good.
I mean, the girl's condition isn't good right now.
Yes, there are now seventy-five, forty miles within us in Midyad and Nisebin.
I couldn't do much of the hard work.
There is a nineteen-minute shortcut, nineteen
meselen, you're going to drink the water then you're going to drink the water and tell me
Do clients find it difficult to know where they are?
Engineering we say, I don't think it is.
Tell me I'll take an internship with myself, tell me I'll do that job, tell me until I get there
That is, they have to come back. Take the time again, must as you say, pick up and delivery only take place.
There are two or three levels, of the food when I go, or the water tank.
really ha, I don't know it's weird walla, nothing, maybe it was something complicated.
But there's the Monroe County issue, under the name Bloomington.
Your county, for example, is where you live, under Monroe County.
Or as a roommate
Doesn't it fit for any roommate, I mean for a room?
So how are you doing as an undergraduate, how is it?
Political science, I almost finished, I have four lessons, I give them four lessons I give.
I quit political science and he said I don't want to talk to him, I want to talk to him about language
He completed his master's degree in international studies at the university.
I did it now in the pandemic, i.e. I did it on Belochi a little while ago, I
Walla he or she is on that study of mine, as you are on my dissertation on Kurdish.
their instructiona
of Bahtini himself, I do it Bahtini is like him, you saw it called dialect continuum
In English it is called dialect continuum or
letter from
on her phonetics, on her speech
What is transcription knowing, right?
I'm afraid I'm going to have a green card next year.
I'm going to see if she's doing chiito, or if she's looking for a supervisor.
My calculation is that some of these classes are complete, hybrid hybrid
Either I think the nation wants to be fed or ordered.
Good. For example, where I say island or on an island, where I can say Gulistan
In the water, can you take the example of hiking with you?
Yaw, I really wanted to go hiking, you saw that we had a map, there was a light.
Yes, we had a map with us.
There was a map. I was so excited and my mom told us to come here and we stayed in
He ran the bike, called me on the phone and asked me how far we were from the ferry, and asked me to go hiking somewhere for a day.
He gave me the map as I saw it.
Yes, but we still haven't had the opportunity to talk about great valley hiking trails.
It's not big. I think maybe it's the map -- I think maybe it's the old map that gave us it.
There was a beach there, I forgot its name, or there was a beach there, there was a beach there, there was a window in which you walked.
Or I think it's the map that he gave us, I think it was old maybe so we didn't see the trailer.
Where we say hiking is included, we didn't see it, I say maybe it's also for the valley.
With God, what are we saying so far, that experiment is coming, which is good with sugar in the syrup?
I'm sitting at the workout house with my head in my mouth.
I have a real application.
I'm not going to miss a workout.
For a week, I've been playing chicken pox, squat, and stuff like that.
I do theater and dance and I squat and they suck, they too
This is an app called this workout. You can do it yourself.
And the unemployment rate is still high.
Or do you mean the date of birth, right?
I am applying for my work autorazition permit.
All proofs are not good.
Yes, it's the current example sometimes it's advanced with artificial intelligence.
Or does this automatic fly sometimes come out of the hand quickly and see it in the chest?
The line will go down.
imported sugar.
The case, wake up.
We call it pandemic, we call it shoobe in Kurdish.
Sickness for ewk is called sickness
Yes, the pandemic is a bit scary for our workforce.
Either research görevlisi or üğretim görevlisi
He recommended it to me, told me to get a job.
It's like a weekend, it's like a holiday in Lehda, it's like a curfew in India.
I mean, it's the same thing. I'll say that maybe some of them put a seat in the line, I know the food.
There's a bakery there, it sells groceries.
Walla You have twenty-five seconds.
or in the south of the Sophie Hotel, or you're out of college on Garfield
Ow, that's five you're on the east side of the bay, where it's Kimbark, it's ^
You're in there, you're in there, you're in there, you're in there, you're in there.
He goes to that kindergarten there and you're a one-way street.
Work and balance.
I'll tell you, or among them the village, which do you prefer?
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
My Yaw has not yet been rescued here, he will be rescued in October.
He said that he could not give the money back until October.
Four seats away from Chicago. So I said I'm going, the building is empty.
What will I come to in October.
For example, I've been there for three weeks, I've been there for a road trip, for example, I'm coming to you, for example, your house, your house
She said, "I won't know what happened next day, she canceled, let's make another week".
had preservation for the camping
We're going to go to China house. Mulhlis told me I said Mulhlis told me I told you we were camping
Cancel, we have to stay one night.
No, no, my computer science is worth something.
Ha, is computer science not data science?
of the computer science club computing talk.
Is this data science and computer science the same thing?
What is data science is computer science.
So many companies are going to have to do something like this from a computer to a hardware to a computer to an engineer to everything they have to do --
Well, now I'm at the head of college yes no more, you know I think three four
What do you mean by "tornado teacher" in Korean?
It's also a safe day for high school, school.
They said you want to be both a hybrid and a school
He got sick, I saw a chair, I'm taking a lesson on it.
For example, we can say that there is a ten cent twenty cent scratch.
What is your insurance? Basic is comprehensive, where is it available? this is
I mean, it's a full coverage.
I'm saying you tell them my car did it, maybe they'll let you get repaired.
So I don't know if we're going to get some insurance money, if we're going to get some insurance money, so I'm saying I don't know if I'm going to claim insurance or not.
Yes, but I'm saying that if you make a claim, that is, if the insurers know what they've been through, it's out, you know.
If you don't give him insurance, he's out, he's a bad driver, he's a bad driver.
You're going to get up, say I'm sorry so
No Walla is empty, with God there is no one.
There was oil change, there was oil change, there was oil change, there was oil change.
Plus care I don't know what it was, it was. I gave him three hundred dollars.
He also said we won't change oil, we'll go tire rotation, so he told me in his heart for tire rotation to get eight dollars from me.
Tire rotation you know what it is, they turn the wheel to the right. Left they turn right, right they turn left.
I'm going to do a seven to six-seven thousand mile run with God.
The next month, the month of September, the month of payment, five years.
Mine has never been over forty thousand miles
It's very good, by God. You know, mine are a few miles away, mine is not a mile away.
That's what happened when we moved from San Diego to Marryland, and if it hadn't happened it wouldn't have been 20,000 miles by now.
I have a heart I have a heart I'll trade or I'll be this dealer I'll tell him to give me this or give me a mini one.
But I don't know, I refinanced my new house
My animal payments are large, so what will they do with them?
Ow. He had a refinance, he told you I would refinance, what happened to him?
You know, refinancing is a scam. There are thousands of such companies.
Everyone makes an offer, and you make the best offer so that you do it.
This time I got a Chinese one, a Chinese one from San Diego, and Evan offered me a good deal.
I don't expect to get approval on the approval mark.
Ow, has there been no approval yet?
You are not yet able to submit your application. It is a procedure, that is, it has been approved.
It's called the closing process, or the closing process.
Ow. As for the time I never knew my refinance, what was the benefit of refinance to you?
Okay, the benefit of refinancing, now my six-year interest rate was three times nine.
I've spent what I've spent, I've spent nineteen years, or I've spent nineteen years on my mortgage.
I have also increased my rate by two hundred and three hundred and seventy-five.
But this interest rate I am asking for is significantly low, that is, let's say in the next four hundred, five hundred thousand dollars, my interest rate is six thousand dollars a year.
Oh, well, I figured it out, so let's just say it was low and the rate was low.
By the god of the nearby fifty miles, that is, it's North Los Angeles,
No Walla, my own my own one time barker I remember I went and then said something to you nine
There were no hybrids who said you could stay and go, but I don't think that's going to happen.
There's also an option to do something like Zoom online.
There was an exam, French
E. I am currently working on a dissertation, prospectors, for a dissertation.
text, i.e. text
I'll get Walla this one is one or one, it's English. Until I give the others I'll get the normal classes
Yes, you've seen this one in England
I work for myself at home.
So we went on a road trip and we arrived, and he started, and he paid $4,000.
One of our curricula, the one in Muqlis, is data science, that is, it is not testing, that is, there is a difference in the name.
He said he gave a lot of data science, Ferhat would have given ten thousand if I wasn't mistaken.
The one that doesn't make much difference to me you know, that's where the result is and that's where the cross is.
It is not a suburb of Nashville, but a suburb of Nashville. It is a half-mile, forty-minute drive from Nashville.
I bought a single house.
You can't buy a single house right now here, you can't buy a single house right now.
The tax rate is very high here in Chicago over ten thousand.
Walla or in case in Louisville, Kentucky let's take another look, single house houses
It has four bedrooms, two three bathrooms, a large kitchen.
That's fine, it's close to downtown, you're looking at a price of two hundred and fifty thousand, two hundred and seventy thousand,
The single house of his garden is big.
For example, some Filipino and Vietnamese, and some Arab, they leave here.
We will pay her the mortgage.
The girl's parents live in the basement.
We are not the owners of this house, we are not the owners of this house, I will not pay the mortgage fee for a pound or a dollar or I have a $1,400 mortgage.
The speaker also gives the example of what they say, what they say, what they say?
My problem is large, there were no other problems.
Five step writing is complete, here the example says you will
When I start to crack maybe I'll be there for two or three hours of my own delivery
If they send us a weapon, they start unemployment like we can't, which is hard.
He pays seven hundred dollars a month, a student loan.
They pay the insurance fee, they pay three hundred dollars.
Now they have a pension, they gave it to him.
Yaw told me not Serhat what it is, I said this unemployment will continue.
My unemployment went away too.
Eight weeks ago, I got a message, but it was two thousand dollars.
The order came what it did, the order was looking for five million, five million.
Four dollars is no tip money, zero dollars.
Tip not yaw.
I am very curious who I am very curious who receives these orders, who becomes these orders.
They are compulsory to die, I used to come here, there is no such thing here.
We are so busy.
Now you don't have an order and you don't have a tip.
Uber Lyft, Uber Lyft, and this my account background checking problem
Yaw man, it's 10:00, I'm telling my brother that my background checking will be updated, if there is no problem.
I don't know if you should contact any companies that do bachground checking.
They're going to do background checking, so we're not doing anything like anything else.
It must be a case of package delivery, you can't go back and forth, or it's bad to get a nation's strength.
Walla aslinde, yes delivery is nice but
Of course, the food pick-up may be accepted but I don't think the other pick-up should be closed.
We've got a few of them, it's good work walla. There are workshops
Address is there, get in your car, tell me what you're doing what you're not doing, hello aleykum aleykum hello.
Thanks Giving will be
Yes, wood fire is okay.
He also did not want to attend an interview with a company he was studying for in California.
In the interview, Miah said what she wanted, but I wanted $100,000.
They've been through an interview, and they're waiting to hear what they have to say.
Or as a text we will
hanni this is for a dirty week people are getting tired of unemployment
I'm going to get his doctorate, I'm going to check it out, and then I'm going to do a scan so we can have a copy, you know.
One can also print libraries. Now maybe a project will continue but the dean's example if he gives permission
Two such hiring companies are familiar with this issue.
Thanks Giving, will I tell you if I want to go home or not?