Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded 'millennium bug' failed to materialise, still the people in a number of countries suffered a series of natural disasters that truly were dreadful.
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days, during this part-session.
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka.
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs de Palacio' s intervention, on another occasion, and not to these comments which appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
There is, in fact, a risk of a military coup in the future.
My Group believes that since a parliament is meant to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification whatsoever for this delay and we believe that, if the Commission is ready to do so, we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in a manner which fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens.
Madam President, I really am quite astonished at Mr Barón Crespo' s behaviour and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
We believe, however, that the Commission's strategic plan needs to be debated within a proper procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document which is adopted in the Commission and which describes this programme over the five-year period.
However, we in Parliament also have a supervisory role with regard to the Commission and we do not have to agree with everything which comes out of the Commission.
That is why we would recommend - and it is my impression that the Commission is also open to this idea - that we hold the debate on the Commission's long-term programme up to the year 2005 in February - and I hope that the Commission will agree on a programme before then which it will propose to us - and that, at the same time, in February we also hold the debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000.
I therefore repeat the proposal that this oral question to the Commission and the Council should be retained so that we can find out, once and for all, the positions of these two bodies regarding the proposal which is relatively modest but which would give a clear message to public opinion, particularly after the tide of feeling generated by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as, I believe, we all do, of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel, where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense.
I should like to address one final point. We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that, where transport safety in Europe is concerned, there is still much more to be done.
In this context, I should like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is with us here today, to table an appropriate text as soon as possible with a view to continuing to make it safer for traffic to transit tunnels in the future, so that we in Europe do not have to experience any more such disasters on this scale.
Margarine and a few kilos of paint which, in principle, do not present risks, led to a genuine disaster.
Therefore, we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved.
We look to it to challenge the UK Government, to ensure that the private sector, which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure, is involved in the planning stage.
In our amendments, we have stated the importance of the necessary synergies being produced between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and Community initiatives, so that their application should be reflected, in the best and most profitable way, by the gradual elimination of disparities between regions and by the creation of jobs which are, when all is said and done, the two central purposes of the funds we are discussing.
The operation of the previous round of programmes is also very instructive in telling us what guidelines should not be about.
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer, either in the Commission or in the civil service.
This would ensure that the peripheral countries and the ultraperipheral regions, the poorer regions in Europe, are in a position to operate successfully within the new euro currency zone, as well as within an ever-expanding internal market where the free movement of goods, persons, services and capital exist.
I think we should be capable of saying this loud and clear.
To this end, Europe as a whole, and each Member State individually, will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities, including the Structural Funds.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express my great interest in listening carefully to the comments, occasional criticisms and suggestions that some of you have just made in your speeches with reference to Mrs Schroedter' s report.
And let me assure you, furthermore, that when the Commission adopts the guidelines with what we call the mid-term review in mind, in line with the regulations, then the point of view of this House, as expressed in this report, will also be taken into account.
Before concluding, I should like to tell Mr Savary that we are going to have a special debate tomorrow on the consequences of the storms which have struck France, Austria and Germany, in particular, in the last few weeks, and at the same time we shall once again be discussing, together with my fellow Commissioner, Mrs de Palacio, what lessons we might draw in the matter of the oil spillage which has also affected the coasts of France.
The strongest regional centres also continue to grow faster than the general European average, whereas many southern European and northern areas are developing considerably more slowly.
It is absolutely essential that companies in areas developing more slowly adopt the latest technology and know-how.
This does not mean that I do not see the need for competitiveness, particularly as I myself am an entrepreneur in an Objective 1 Region, that is in Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and am only too aware of the problems and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises.
By entrepreneurship I do not simply mean the ownership of business, but creating will. I mean the attitude where a person wants to get on in life, whether he or she is an employee, the owner of a business or an official.
I do not wish to spend time right now, Mr Berend, going into details regarding my opinion of the general points which your House has already endorsed.
Mr President, I respond to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the President of the House to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes.
This will be a good test as to whether there is reasonable cooperation between the two institutions.
But let us stop to consider the circumstances in which this debate is taking place and the conclusions to which it should bring us.
Workers are facing a massive attack on their employment and social rights.
In this respect, we should heed the words of von Eieck, and doubtless also those of the great Italian liberal Bruno Leoni, who warned precisely against the risks of an abnormal increase in anti-competition policies.
Thirdly, I would like to know whether the Commission has looked into the effects its new approach will have on industrial strategy.
Unless anybody thinks that this is merely a nationalistic point, in the Factortame case, in which the British Government was the defendant, it took ten years for the European Court to give a ruling.
Emphasis must also be placed on the fact that a state aid policy - and the Jonckheer report makes this very clear - must continue to afford each state the freedom to define and organise the tasks of the public sector and ownership structures on an independent basis.
For example, the figures for last year now show that the total value of mergers in the European area was EUR 1.4 trillion, which is seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last European merger boom in 1990.
Forty years on, this proposal has again been placed on the table and I am certain that it will create room for manoeuvre for the monopolies, to the detriment of Europe' s consumers.
This has worked fairly well, but, as in the famous film Casablanca 'time goes by' and we must adapt the legislation we have been applying until now to the new circumstances.
I would like to say that, as we know, the Commission report on State aid to the steel industry does not include individual decisions made under the exception procedure, pursuant to Article 95 of the ECSC Treaty, but addresses decisions which are not covered by the code on aid for the steel sector.
Creating UCLAF by means of the Task Force and setting up the anti-fraud office OLAF were important steps, as was the regulation on protecting the financial interests of the Community and on local monitoring.
This state of deadlock, which threatens to undermine the credibility of the Union, has inspired Parliament to initiate the setting-up of a European Public Prosecutor' s Office.
I should like to make clear that my group is going to propose an amendment deleting the detail of how the Commission should tackle this question.
Mrs Theato probably forgot to include a European prison now that we have the FBI, the European police, in the form of OLAF.
In my mind, illegal state aid amounts to little more than state-sponsored social dumping.
It is now a fact that in order to attain this goal, rural areas need to see the creation of new jobs, which are no longer solely connected with agriculture, in the traditional sense - although this sector is important for the protection of the environment and the preservation of biodiversity - but also, for instance, in rural tourism, sport and cultural activities, environmental projects, SMEs, services, and so on.
. (FR) Considering the employment situation in the Community and the European Union' s declared ambition to steadfastly attack unemployment, the analysis of mergers carried out by the Commission should take elements other than competition into consideration.
Indeed, this is one advantage of the present system.
We are voting against this report on behalf of the development of public services, in memory of the victims of the Paddington rail disaster, killed not by fate but by an absurd determination to have competition where there should instead be regulations.
I am pleased to see the quality of the seventh report on state aid within the EU, and to see that it will henceforth be an annual report, and also that the Directorate-General for Competition will be making information, both general and specific, publicly accessible via its website.
A disaster of this scale could almost certainly not have occurred along the American coastline, and why?
Is it not about time that we stopped expressing sympathy and started issuing enforcement notices to get rid of these ships of shame in favour of safe seas or we will be back again, later on this year, discussing a new motion for a resolution when yet another flag-of-convenience tanker sadly goes down spewing its crude oil all over the sea.
The Atlantic West Coast once again is paying a high price for their inability to react, for their capitulation to the multinationals.
I trust that these measures will, in a few months, give rise to a clear and convincing legal instrument - a directive, possibly - which will put an end, once and for all, to these 21st Century pirates, who deprive us all of the wealth and beauty of the sea.
We have set a figure of USD 180 million; in the United States they are talking about USD 1 billion as a maximum ceiling for covering claims payments.
We must be aware of this connection; I do not support those who make sweeping statements to the effect that the greenhouse effect is to blame for this storm, but one thing we can be relatively certain of is that we have reason to fear further catastrophes if we do not soon alter our course!
For example, the work of the EU unit located in Dublin has shown that physical distance is no barrier these days to communication and having an effective influence on matters.
I would ask you on what you base your ideas for a location?
If I can make a literary commendation to the honourable Member, who I recognise is interested in these subjects, I recommend to him a book published just before Christmas written by Isabel Hilton, the distinguished journalist, on the problems of Tibet.
I hope the approach that we are following both demonstrates practicality and the imperative of giving this the attention which it deserves.
However, this contradicts the stated aim of the general objectives for decentralised action plans at the level of local authorities and rural areas.
Neither can we tolerate a situation in which a public body holds the copyright to public documents.
If Parliament votes in favour of the Committee on Budgetary Control' s proposal this week and grants discharge, then the Commission must not take this to be a blank cheque.
It will, at best, lead to more bureaucracy and less room for local democracy and for people to get involved in choosing and developing projects.
When the Commission' s first draft report soon becomes the official report on 1 March, I very much hope that our input here will help ensure that we will actually witness this change.
Financial control' s ex ante visa for each spending department will only be relinquished as and when the internal control system in a department is shown to be fully adequate.
The Commission and Member States also have to be encouraged to support projects which can help develop understanding and partnership between the different nations in the region.
We cannot be content with a role backstage. We must be leading protagonists while staying off a collision course with the United States, as Minister Gama said.
I hope that the forthcoming visit by the President of the European Parliament to the region, as well as the presidents of the relevant interparliamentary delegations, will begin an era of greater initiative and a greater presence for the European Union in this complicated and difficult peace process.
The Commission will fulfil the remit given to it at Tampere to present proposals for approving definitions, criminal charges and common sanctions in the field of trafficking in human beings, economic exploitation of immigrants, and sexual exploitation of woman and children, with special emphasis on combating the use of new means of communication, notably the Internet, for distributing child pornography.
Ireland, for generations, sent her sons and daughters to places of safety throughout the world, but now when the Celtic tiger is providing wealth and prosperity beyond our expectations, we are showing a very ugly side to our character.
It has been a relative shock to our political leaders to find we must now take a share of the refugees that have been coming into the European Union for a long time.
Subject: Measures to combat the continuing ethnic cleansing of Serbs and Romanies in Kosovo On 2 December 1999, NATO's Defence Ministers made a strong appeal for an end to the ethnic cleansing of Kosovo's minority communities.
You said that in Lisbon you intend to discuss more dynamic and competitive development.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must challenge the monopoly the world' s speculative elite have on planning the world' s economy by remaining outside the tax system.
However, with Haider and his men, we would see the extreme right, openly racist, anti-Semitic and xenophobic, promoted to the rank of co-ruler of our Community.
Any action which can be taken must, in our opinion, serve the twofold function of proscribing Haider without, however, isolating Austrian society.
This teratogenicity has been demonstrated by just one English laboratory, perhaps because it is the only one that has carried out tests.
From the decisions made at the Helsinki Summit, it emerges that the agenda agreed there is unsatisfactory and does not guarantee the essential and substantive changes required for creating a more functional Europe, one that is more effective, more democratic and more transparent.
The poor turnout at the European elections really should have been warning enough for everyone.
I would also like to thank the leader of the delegation in the Conciliation Committee, Mr Provan. For as Mr Langen said just now, we certainly had a tough fight on our hands in the Conciliation Committee.
I would like to say however that it is, and has always been, a very modest budget and therefore the funding for this programme is more symbolic than real.
We know that in the Netherlands there are authorised treatment centres in place to collect end-of-life vehicles and this process should be extended across the length and breadth of the European Union.
Firstly, Herr Trittin, the Environment Minister, was not in tune with his colleagues in the Cabinet, then Chancellor Schröder blundered in like a bull in a china shop, having no expert knowledge of this process.
By having the opportunity to show their true merit, by eliminating as far as possible the barriers associated to the specifics of their condition as women, and not in the context of a conflict in which women seem to be attacking male privilege, women will demonstrate the benefits to be gained by facilitating a situation where their professional careers may flourish. In this way they will succeed in altering balances which are still not in their favour.
The car lobby was unsuccessful today and I am pleased about that.
The torrent of confusion and rash actions that has been unleashed over Austria has blown things out of all proportion. It has caused considerable distress to decent citizens and evokes risks that had previously not even been considered.
The CSU European delegates have no sympathy whatsoever with the leader of the FPÖ.
The Communication from the Commission takes account of the need to adopt approaches combining a range of economic, social, and infrastructural measures.
Because disabled people do not form one homogenous group - for example many deaf people see themselves as a linguistic minority denied respect for their own language and culture - it is necessary as stated in paragraph 9 to enable some partnerships to be defined which are specific to a particular disability or other group.
If we have success in this threefold sense, I believe that these families, these people, these European citizens, will believe more in Europe, and this seems to me to be very important because, ultimately, the cities will increasingly come to play a leading role in European life.
Above all, Madam President - and here I will end - we must be able to express this in plain language, clearly, by changing to some extent the jargon which we use, because we cannot ask the Europeans, who are living through profound changes, to take part and show enthusiasm towards us if we continue to use a form of language which they find completely inaccessible.
It is not rather ambitious to ensure peace, democracy and human rights in the whole of Europe, no less?
Today, we have been called on to choose, for the forthcoming decades, between a Europe that might be less prosperous but a beacon of peace and civilisation for the whole planet and a Europe that might be more wealthy, but where there is uncertainty over what the future might bring.
It is no good spending time on hobbies when there is a day' s work to be done.
Firstly, Mr President, although your two predecessors concentrated on developing an internal market and establishing the single currency, it has been left to you to develop this whole value of citizenship which is at the heart of European construction.
Nonetheless, the French delegation in our group was unable to accept the fact that the Commission and the federalist faction have diverted the INTERREG initiative from its original purpose in order to detract still further from the political role of the nations.
At first we were somewhat irresolute and we regret that now. But I have come to the conclusion that it was in fact quite clever timing.
Although this may seem rather egotistical, I want the Commission, in the minds of the people, to have a face and for those people forming the Commission to be able to meet our citizens as often as possible.
Subject: Implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu Dam in Turkey Given that Turkey has recently been granted applicant country status, what is the Commission's view of the implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu Dam, given the massive displacement of the Kurdish and the other people of the region that will result?
The answer is that this is smuggled into the country or made by the Swedes themselves, and as Mr Andersson knows, this is an extremely dangerous and unhealthy activity.
Commissioner, do you have any reason, on public health grounds, for a difference in the taxation rates on, for example, Scotch whisky or French Bordeaux wine or even my colleague's Bavarian beer?
There is ,of course, elasticity of demand, in this case a price elasticity of demand.
We also wish to point out that especially in areas with acute drought problems such as my own country, and especially on the islands, funding must be provided for infrastructure for the saving of water, by increasing not its cost but its quantity. This should mainly be carried out by collecting the rainwater that now goes to waste, running off into the sea and eroding the soil, with all the problems that creates.
Social rights should determine economic choices, and not the other way around.
We ought to seize this opportunity and bring the last colonial episode in Africa to an end.
It is not surprising that the debate is long and difficult.
This well-known phrase, which is taken from the conclusions of the UN World Conference on human rights of 1993, is known off by heart by many.
Mr President, we did not need to witness the end the Kosovo conflict to reach the conclusion that, after various wars in the territory of the former Yugoslavia, with their untold negative effects on the stability of the Balkans, a global and durable strategy for the whole region is needed, aimed at guaranteeing peace and stability in south-east Europe.
Secondly, the deficit - or, if applicable, the surplus - means the ESA 95 government sector' s net borrowing requirement or lending ability respectively
This basic principle of liberalisation, increased competition and greater investment opportunities, together with prudence to ensure the protection which investors deserve, has determined and inspired my Group' s position on most of the controversial points which have arisen.
I have been informed that the Commissioner for the Environment, Margot Wallström, has travelled from Strasbourg to Romania in order to see for herself, on the spot, what has happened.
Mr President, this is not exactly a point of order but concerns a communication we have before us today, namely that the Conference of Presidents open to Members, which was scheduled for 23 February, has now been cancelled. We should consider on principle whether there is any point at all in holding these kinds of meetings.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the planned liberalisation of the traditional national postal services raises the inevitable question as to what the postal services will consider their core business to be in the future. In other words, what will the postal services be prepared to do themselves, what will they want to do together in international cooperation and what will they no longer provide?
Even the tiniest village has a post office and in future e-commerce will make far more use of the post because many people will order goods by e-mail and through websites and also send bills and so forth by that means.
They have all been available on the Commission' s Internet website since August 1999 and the Commission is willing to provide copies to anybody who is interested.
In so far as it is at all possible with all of the advice at our disposal and all of the design capability that we have, I am certain that we have installed, or that we will install on the basis of our proposals, a system that will provide the Union, its taxpayers and this House with complete security.
Finally, Mr Solana, I would just like to ask you what point there is in having the much heralded policy planning and early warning cell in the Council Secretariat if still we are taken by surprise by yet another humanitarian catastrophe.
We are establishing a Commission crisis centre as the operational interface with the situation centre in the high representative' s policy unit.
The current figures reaching us on the extent of the disaster are terrifying, as the Commissioner has already said: around one million people homeless and more than one hundred thousand on top of roofs or trees, waiting for a helicopter to come and save them.
I too would like to compliment Mr Hudghton on his report and to endorse his additions to the original proposal in relation both to the matter of compensation and encouragement of vaccine development.
Before we jump to copy the slaughter policy of the Norwegians, we should try these other things first to see if we can mitigate the disaster.
The epilogue to this disaster must surely be the urgent adoption of measures to minimise the damage and to prevent this happening again in the future.
Thanks to the grass-roots involvement, which this House furthered by organising a debate and adopting a resolution on 20 January, an initial raft of measures has been announced.
Benchmarking and best practice, which the Commission recommends, calls for a large measure of Europe-wide transparency in those fields where industrial secrecy does not apply.
The growth in media, mobile radio communication and software was not able to compensate for the job losses in the telecommunications sector and in the electronics industry, and for the rationalisation resulting from the introduction of information technology in other sectors of the economy.
Firstly, they will examine how best the European Union should equip itself to accommodate the broader effects of trade globalisation.
The police and the vehicle inspection authorities were conducting a spot check of sixty-two heavy goods vehicles in eastern Finland recently.
That is fine, let everyone have their own chocolate bar in their own home.
Moreover, at a time when certain communication systems, certain spying systems, are prohibited, we must guarantee citizens' rights with regard to the new European bodies which are being developed, and guarantee the rights of the citizen by means of parliamentary monitoring, but also consumer rights with regard to the new Internet marketing techniques.
The moral of this story is, of course, that to compete in the mainstream market, eco-products must give a performance close to their alternatives. Only then can these products move out of the niche market they already have and into the mainstream.
Back in July 1995, Strasbourg was labouring under ozone smog.
If we want to combat acidification, manure pollution and smog formation, we need to reduce the emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, ammonia and volatile organic substances.
We should therefore voice to the Estonians and Latvians our express recognition of the fact that they have managed to keep a cool head and that they are receptive to our arguments when it comes to adapting their legislation in this area to European standards.
The policy objective must be to ensure that Europe has a modern, high-performance infrastructure which allows valuable quality telecommunications services to be supplied and demanded from the telephone via the PC and television.
We could then deal with the behaviour of young people who commit offences later on, in one of the many other reports which are churned out by Parliament.
There are, however, two sides to this political tale of war and suffering, and I think we must seek more strongly to understand the causes of conflict between Russia and Chechnya, so that we can help to stem the flow of human blood more quickly another time.
It is most peculiar that the European Union is not really aware that we too have this tool at our disposal and that, for example, we should, in fact, deny entry to the EU to the Serbian football hooligans in return, because they are people who take advantage of the Milosevic regime in the most shocking manner.
But, on the other hand, by contrast with the Haarder report which we voted for this morning, this report is long on radical demagoguery and short on legal rigour.
We should not begin the legislative procedure under the slogan  suspend  but under the slogan  adaptation to new, jointly-agreed standards  .
We want to show you that there is no need for a repeat of last year' s tragedy, with heckling and confrontation throughout the entire budgetary procedure.
We must not forget that there are many Europeans who feed this scourge of the new millennium
The consumer experiences a phenomenon of habituation, if I can call it that, in the face of the incitements to pornography displayed on television, in hotel chains (and that includes here in Strasbourg or Brussels) or in all the magazines in view on shop shelves, and necessarily is driven ultimately to seek ever stronger stimuli, like a drug addict.
They should also consider what it means, from a political point of view, if we go ahead and give these sweets to the Council.
Unfortunately, there are too many delegations which are just there for the ride.
Without this qualification, users 'surfing' the Internet and inadvertently accessing a site displaying child pornography would also be punishable.
It is like putting a fake label on a product, which does not match the content.
The first impression is that there is a sort of EU euphoria in Turkey when it comes to the media.
Some Members shout into the microphone, even though the microphone is, in fact, there to make shouting unnecessary, thereby making it impossible to hear anything over the headphones.
A domino effect.
The set pension fund strategy essentially aims to drain savings away toward the financial markets.
Our citizens, on the other hand, must experience the same level of confidence and protection for transactions on-line as they do off-line.
In all of this, electronic commerce, the Internet and new technologies must offer a good platform.
The risk entailed in a Europe 'à la carte' is that the whole integrity and basic idea of EU cooperation will be lost.
Bans are not the right method; instead we need incentives, we need to give support for the airlines to move towards reducing emissions by using modern fleets that use less kerosene and also produce less pollution.
A democratic and reconciled South Africa is the prerequisite for this  something new and great  , in which Africa and the countries of Europe meet on a new and equal footing and look forward, instead of remaining stuck in the old colonial period.
Subject: Precarious employment and the industrial-accident rate in Spain and in the Murcia region At the Lisbon Summit, a commitment was made to achieving full employment in proper jobs throughout the EU.
Certainly that synthetic euro included currencies such as the Italian Lira, but the same point applies even to the mighty German Mark on its own.
. (EL) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the launch of the first artificial satellite by the Soviet Union in 1957 marked the start of space exploration and the beginning of a new era for mankind.
I have just been told that we have a delegation from the City Council of Munich, the capital of the Land of Bavaria, in the public gallery.
Posturing is easy.
We cannot say what the exact state of affairs is at the moment as there is a complete media blackout in force as part of a set of new restrictive laws introduced in May.
However, in the newly added case of deepwater rose shrimp, the carapace length of 24 millimetres seems excessive and could cause problems for fishermen.
This particular company has transported thousands of my visitors here in the past ten years.
We have witnessed their pain and we have seen that terrorists do not of course only hurt those they attack; they also in essence murder all those around them.
This also involves those cases where words were accompanied by actions, such as when a stone was thrown and acid sprayed at the President of the United States.
The terms 'light' , 'ultra light' , 'low-tar' and such like, are incorrect.
And, in comparison with the restrictions we are subject to in the context of mad cow disease, how is it possible that we are doing nothing about the 500 000 smoking-related deaths every year in Europe?
The basic regulation stipulates that providers of statistical information shall make use of the combined nomenclature, which comprises more than 10 500 entries, in order to classify goods.
It therefore makes sense that the European Parliament, which has always regarded itself as the patron saint of democracy in Latin America and elsewhere, should express its views on this.
At the beginning of the 1990s, there was a great scandal in Italy because a leak from the Ministry of the Interior and the Ministry of Health revealed that they were hiding the real overdose mortality rate. Obviously, it is more convenient for politicians and governments to say that a young man has died in the street from a heart attack than to acknowledge that his death was caused by an overdose, and the same applies to policy-making.
The tragic deaths of these men and women who, like the two young Guinean men who died last year in the landing gear of a European plane, were investing their every hope in Europe, cannot fail to move us deeply.
The suggested extension of the directive to a new swathe of businesses and professions looks on the face of it to be both dangerous and burdensome: dangerous in that there might be a threat to the privileged lawyer/client relationship which is the linchpin of access to justice in a civil society, and burdensome because in theory this directive would now extend to your local high street jeweller.
In particular the interim Political and Security Committee, intended to replace the Political Committee, should gradually become the mainspring of the CFSP, supporting and with the support of Mr Javier Solana.
On this basis, union, according to the old adage of strength through unity, is the only way to safeguard these cultures and identities in future when confronted with the multipolar world which is developing today and which is universally in evidence.
Fourteen Kurds died of asphyxiation in the hold of a burning ship in Patras.
Nationals of third countries have seen their movement littered with traps, as a result of the Schengen agreement and the mirage of zero immigration.
Listening to your speech, I have the feeling that I have been invited not to a Parliamentary sitting, but to a rather posh get-together.
This is almost a carbon copy of the procedure for the 2000 budget.
That is to say, the Commission is using Europeans' money to manipulate Europeans.
It has been established from and confirmed by numerous sources that this wholesale bugging of all telephone signals has had considerable economic and commercial repercussions, to the detriment of European companies such as Alcatel or Airbus, which have lost huge contracts to American multinationals privy to privileged information obtained fraudulently and illegally.
We would only dare call the snake pit of unaccountable monopolies which find it easy to spring up, spread and act with impunity in cyberspace 'safe harbours' euphemistically.
Only those people who have no ideas never change their ideas, so it would be bizarre if the Commission had no room for manoeuvre.
This deal does not involve a decree from the gentlemen of the Committee of Permanent Representatives, who have no say; they must simply declare their acceptance of the sound parliamentary proposals.
The Oil for Food programme stipulates that any imported goods must be screened by the exemption committee; million dollar contracts are delayed for years for fear that the goods may have a dual use: medicines, spare parts, medical equipment and graphite-tipped pencils are all prevented from entering the country.
The mode of transport we are discussing here, short sea shipping, has the reputation of being a mode of transport which can counter the negative effects of the transport sector, especially in terms of the space occupied and environmental pollution, in more than one way.
It must be possible for such training to take place as, for example, in-service or on the job training.
The action plan for Albania to which you refer is a High Level Working Group on Asylum and Migration action plan for Albania and the neighbouring region, adopted by the General Affairs Council on 13 and 14 June this year, intended, in effect, to define and coordinate European Union resources with a view to responding to the problems of asylum and migration in Albania and the neighbouring countries and, as such, it is not intended to promote the rights of any particular minority.
And it is also no coincidence that Mr Blair also proposed free distribution of set top boxes, perceiving that this would benefit both the economy and the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
The digital revolution will open up many new ways of exploiting audiovisual works: video on demand via the Internet, for example.
This is not the gunfight at the OK Corral: This is not about being the first to draw.
The arrangements introduced will clear the way for a list of priority substances to be gradually drawn up every 4 years, that is, priority substances which must be reduced in quantity, and priority hazardous substances, which must purely and simply be eliminated.
In my opinion, trying to safeguard the environment by simply slowing down growth in the aeronautical sector and the air industry is not a valid option.
Any other course of action would be a waste of resources, because it would take on average three to four years to develop a new tyre model.
It would be useful if pharmaceutical products could be labelled with a 'doping-safe' logo and a warning, and we would also welcome a more pro-active preventive policy.
I remember his time as a great sprinter, and I was delighted that someone from a European country was able to end American dominance of the sport.
To speed up dismantling, the Community is supporting the design, construction, and licensing of a transport and storage tank for damaged spent fuel produced in the operation of nuclear submarines and icebreakers and currently stored under primitive conditions.
In addition, there has been another massacre in the rural community La Unión, the third in three years.
Much attention was paid to hardware in it, but little to that software which we call training software.
Another piece of this jigsaw is the decision that we have adopted today, to propose a directive on minimum standards for a common asylum procedure, and another piece is the preparatory technical work on the Eurodac system, which has not stood still, but is continuing. This work can, of course, only be carried out when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
We have got to move on with it and nowhere is this more clearly seen than in the debate we have had about the so-called directed website. Such a thing is a contradiction in terms since the Net is a shop window at every terminal link to the network and, to argue in some contrived way, that a site can be directed at some and not others is linguistically facile, commercially nonsensical and technologically illiterate.
I would also ask the Council and the Commission to still take time to reflect whether it would be worth considering this charge-back mechanism, which Mrs de Palacio mentioned again in her amendment to the report.
Minister Moscovici, surely it is a little comical for the Heads of State and Government to wish to proclaim rights of defence against the State.
The negotiating side of things has hitherto proved disappointing and yielded negative results: to our knowledge, on not one point in the total 75 cases of unanimous voting has total agreement been reached, and in Italy, for the first time, a recent survey has shown that, in one of the largest regions, the North East, Europe is falling out of favour.
We all applaud Romania for the Olympic gold, silver and bronze medals it has won in the last fortnight.
It is important that it should not just become a flag of convenience and that all measures prescribed in the acquis are taken to ensure that safety is writ large.
Subject: Maryam Arubi sentenced to death by stoning for adultery Is the Commission aware that Maryam Arubi (30), found guilty of adultery, was sentenced to death by stoning under the Iranian penal code based on the Islamic sharia?
That is most certainly true of the amendment which proposes that this directive should end the sexually discriminatory practice of stipulating that only male personnel can wear a tie.
I know that the transition from fighting to peacekeeping requires troops who are capable, not of unleashing violence from their weapons in the conquest of an objective, but of controlling that violence.
Mr President, these days, we cannot talk about Croatia without seeing it in the context of its neighbour Serbia, where the people are now finally throwing off the yoke of the authoritarian government clique.
The danger, however, is that reinforced cooperation will break up the unity of Europe through the back door, resulting in a patchwork of intergovernmental cooperation.
If we want to improve - and that is our aim where the performance reserve is concerned - then of course we will need those posts.
In other words, among those sitting round the table of the common European home, some would eat à la carte while others would get the dish of the day.
In particular we are envisaging shipping in diesel and heating fuel, both to keep the power plants running and to fuel district heating plants.
Mr President, Commissioner, I am very pleased that the debate on climatic change in Europe and throughout the world has given us the opportunity to recall the cyclone that struck a large part of Europe.
Finally, regarding international cooperation and information exchange, the Commission is organising a workshop on endocrine disrupters in the first half of 2001 with the sponsorship of the World Health Organisation among others.
The objective must be to establish one single payment area, where cross-border payments are subject to the same conditions and accompanied by the same costs as domestic transactions.
In Berlin, the Albanians were almost brushed aside from the table - their views were not taken into account - and in the twentieth century, they have suffered greatly under one of the most terrible ideologies of the twentieth century, namely under socialism and communism in a particularly brutal manifestation.
Mr President, I rise to give my voice to this injustice that we have heard about, an injustice, as we have also heard, that has been going on now for 12 years.
I can only say that, as a result, the Council did admittedly make a big show of cooperating, but the bulk of the amendments tabled by us and adopted here in this House by a very large majority were not accepted.
I nonetheless assume, not least with a view to my hobbyhorse of fisheries, that we will put pressure on all three of them together so that we can guarantee positive developments in the future.
At this time when debate in the institutions of Europe is being undertaken concomitantly with the Charter being adopted, all those men and women who, like myself, would like a European constitution and consider that this Charter may serve as the bare bones for the preamble to such a constitution should demand that the European Parliament be enabled to vote on the content, as part of its normal parliamentary business, which is basically deliberative.
In fact two concrete proposals have been adopted, notably the round table on globalisation and the duo fellowship programme, 4300 fellowships amounting to a total cost of USD 25 million.
The attitude of the Member States of the EU towards immigrants from these and other countries, making many of them feel insecure and at risk of deportation, failing to grant them equal rights with other workers, and maintaining ghettos of second-class citizens and victims of a modern slave trade is a typical example of this conduct.
I regard it as essential to set up a reflection group at European level with representatives of the NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament taking part in an annual round table.
The documents that have come to light are nothing less than a smoking gun.
I can assure my Irish colleagues that the vignette proposal is being made in full cognisance of the euro-vignette directive and is likely to be along similar lines to those already in place, as Commissioner Vitorino explained, in many of the present Member States of the European Union.
We have learned from past experience and are still learning, especially in the Balkans, that thanks to their historical experience, with all the many conflicts, thanks to their understanding of the subtle and at times tough nature of confrontations between communities, the Europeans can develop a savoir-faire and methods of conflict management that are worthy of it and worthy of respect.
Commissioner, we have a directive for end-of-life vehicles.
History teaches us that it is dangerous to regard the goal - however noble and virtuous - as superior to the agreed rules.
It is peaceful there and soldiers are not needed to guard the pipeline.
So I hope our UK colleagues will not show the same national tendency to block progress that we saw in Nice but that this Parliament will adopt a forward-looking European directive on the art market.
Let us therefore remain as firmly committed to the particular cultivation method we favour as the Americans are to their protectionist system where sugar, tobacco, peanuts or dairy products are concerned.
Would the site be blocked or would we prosecute the users who continued to download files from offshore sites?
In my opinion, reading the morning paper in a street café is quite different from reading it on the Internet where you work.
Meanwhile, the pirates, to put it in realistic, if pejorative, terms, have the advantage within this competitive world.
I should add that I asked the Commission back in August about a particular comment in the report, which stated that in August there would be some feedback from SMEs about their response to the project.
Since the Union as a whole is a world-class fishing power and one of the largest markets for fish produce, it must claim and adopt a role that matches its importance in international organisations and specifically in regional fishing organisations.
A sensible, multiannual cod recovery plan embracing realistic technical conservation measures, the closure of cod spawning grounds and the decommissioning of the larger new fishing vessels will surely be more sensible than the pursuit of a plan which would allow industrial fishing to continue in vast restricted zones and which would potentially lead to the bankruptcy of half the Scottish fleet.
The many people who have disappeared include former Interior Minister Yuriy Zakharenko, former Deputy Chairman Victor Gonchar, and the Russian film-maker, Dmitriy Zavadskiy.
A car in a garage is completely harmless, but when it is being used wrongly it is like a deadly weapon.
We are waiting for what is called the 'ketchup effect' .
How can we possibly justify a delay of a year and a half in the adjustment and adaptation of the annexes in circumstances where a scientific committee may have advised the Commission to add for instance a further hormone to the list of annexes?
For, in this respect, we are well aware that the main purpose of the aid that is granted by both the European Union and the IMF is to create favourable conditions for investments by the bourgeois classes of the imperialist powers.
I would ask you, instead of speaking to us in very general terms, to put forward a specific proposal in this context of reflection on the debate, in which the Commission, on the basis of the work by the University Institute of Florence, proposes treaties that are simplified, simple and comprehensible. We need proposals that will save President Havel from having a suitcase full of treaties, protocols and annexes in his office.
The directive also penalises consumers because it is quite possible that consumers will have to pay once when they buy a CD or a DVD and then again in the form of a levy.
After the phrase,  their own past archive productions produced or commissioned  should be added,  no later than December 1996  . Then it goes on,  by them under their own editorial control  .
A great deal of work has been necessary for us to reach this point, and so, before I say anything else, I would like to thank Neil Kinnock and his staff for the huge amount of work they have put into the laborious preparation of these documents.
In that regard, in my own country, would he particularly acknowledge the responsible and unselfish act of the new leader of Fine Gael in scaling down its Àrd Fheis to a Dublin conference to contribute to ensuring that there is no major problem in Ireland?
To speak of tuna in the North Atlantic, however, necessarily requires us also to take account of the situation in other regions, such as the autonomous region of the Azores, for example, where in 2000, we have just experienced a second year with almost no tuna catches at all.
Mr Patten has stolen a march upon us this morning by suggesting a line of thought we might pursue concerning the way in which we should proceed, and I should like to ask the Council of Ministers whether it thinks that an embargo is or is not essential in order to achieve the objective - which my political group shares one hundred per cent - of preventing Iraq from acquiring weapons of mass destruction.
We should take into account that the other party we are dealing with ranks fourth in the world in these fields. It also has great potential for growth.
For example, structural funding for rural development belongs in the green box and thus ceases to be the subject of wrangling within the WTO.
With regard to your comment on teachers and pupils, there was a brilliant Neapolitan man of the theatre - he was Neapolitan but also Italian and European - who used to say that you can never say you have taken your last exam.
I do not know whether it is possible to extend the venture by opening a chat room as well, as suggested by Mr Rübig.
Even if someone is prepared to pay for the equipment - which does not cost a great amount, but costs approximately the same as a PC - it is not practically possible.
I do not personally think that in Amendment No 7 where there is a proposal that we have to have an absolutely universal system of ISO standard microchips, that you can expect all animals fitted with a chip to be of that universal variety in the early stages.
The method used should be the 'bottom-up' method. In other words, though policy decisions have to be taken somewhere, they have to be implemented, not from the top downwards, but rather at grass-roots level.
Warnings printed on labels, extending to comparisons such as 'one glass of brandy equals three glasses of beer' , if I understood Mrs Stihler' s amendment correctly, would serve little purpose, in my opinion.
Mr President, I remember that at a very early stage, even before the Action Programme was before us, we had a talk with the Commissioner, during which we made it clear that the sixth environment action programme should be a brief document, taking the form of a pamphlet, with clear priorities and objectives.
In my view, however, we could have been more specific, more to the point, and more precise.
We also want the Commission, in partnership with the automotive industry, to develop safer and more user-friendly systems for air bags.
In the case in question, it is a matter of initiating proceedings to examine whether, in a dispute between Pernod/Ricard and Bacardi, a primarily Euro-Cuban holding and a primarily U.S.-European corporation, the EU is entitled to lend support as it sees fit.
The issue of silicone gel breast implants is a sensitive one and this debate, as many have said this evening, is long overdue.
The 1996 conventions on compensation of damage caused by the transport by sea of noxious and hazardous substances and the 2001 convention, known as the Bunker Convention, on civil liability for pollution damage caused by bunker oil, have not been implemented, or indeed ratified.
The governmental agreement therefore needs to be linked to an agreement with the rebels.
In 1998, a dam collapsed at a mine in Spain, with very serious ecological consequences, and a similar accident occurred in Romania in 2000.
However, the point is this: even when they produce such major results, the great international summits do not succeed in communicating with what are known as the Seattle movements and, above all, do not connect with that much deeper, much more widespread, silent demand for security on the lips of the citizens, the submerged base of an iceberg whose tip is represented by the raft of different types of protests.
Precisely now, at the most decisive moment when they should be making the final spurt towards the finishing line, when there is most need of enthusiasm and single-mindedness, the Poles, like many others, are starting to have second thoughts and to wonder whether the sacrifices required of them, the supposed costs of accession, will not outweigh the advantages, the potential and future gains.
Subject: Infringement of competition rules in relation to DVD sales The DVD market is characterised by the existence of two different systems in Europe and in the United States and Japan, with the result that European consumers are unable to purchase DVDs from countries belonging to a different zone, where prices appear to be lower and delivery faster.
. The British Conservatives voted in favour of the Watson report in order to send a message that we will give no quarter in the fight against terrorism, and particularly to show solidarity with our colleagues involved in the on-going fight against terrorists, notably ETA.
I am convinced that if police cooperation had been applied effectively and with respect for individual rights, if free movement were a true right, with the same level of priority as the free movement of capital, if the Charter of Fundamental Rights were in the DNA of all of us, the worst events of Genoa would, perhaps, not have taken place.
I do not think that we should become bogged down in an outmoded position and, at the same time, abolish the possibility of choice without obtaining any added value, for a European opt-in solution would not put an end to spamming, a lot of which originates outside the EU.
We now have a growing phenomenon of so-called data streaming - hacking into computer systems and stealing credit card details in bulk.
Finally, we must remember that the Internet is going mobile. This is starting now with SMS messages.
We know that 11% of electricity consumption - between 10 and 15% in other countries - in private households and public sectors - if we add those as well - contributes to power stations being operated completely unnecessarily because there would be other ways of doing it in standby mode.
Secondly, because revising the Stability Pact would amount to indicating that we wish to pass this burden on to future generations, and that is certainly not a confidence booster. Thirdly, if we relax the budgetary policy enshrined in the Stability Pact we shall prevent interest rates from being lowered, as the Americans are doing.
Mr President, a family in a mud hut in rural Africa without access to clean water, electricity, hospital or community centre is simply devastated when it discovers that a member of the family is suffering from any one of the three diseases HIV/AIDS, TB or malaria.
It has been pointed out that the average jogger exceeds the limit by a factor of 7 or 8, while even walking down a road could break the rules.
I have a very good option: I have a filter, I have a delete button.
A number of extremely clear messages have emerged which the Commission will take into account, for we have the same objectives and there is a harmonious alliance between Parliament and the Commission.
It seems that in this House there is a claque supporting Mr Schulz in the public gallery, although in this House, as in all parliaments, members of the public are forbidden to applaud or call out in support of one argument or another.
Mr Wiersma suggested it was a Dutch hobby.
The cartoon turns Mugabe' s major challenger in next year' s presidential elections, Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change, into a downright caricature. He is depicted as the yes-man of rich white farmers in his own country and of Western powers.
Europe must remain a sparkling diamond with many facets, facets displaying its diversity and its own identity, for only then can the European diamond sparkle in the European firmament.
In this century every shot the US fires will indeed, in the words of the poet Emerson,  ring round the world  and unless you can appeal to, and nurture, a wider concept of American self-interest, then we risk the menace of a new military millennium.
This will contrast with the past, when Mr Rothley was working on his own and efforts were made just to get a deal done to give a presidency something to their credit at the end of the day.
Mr President, I would like to underline, in my capacity as a member of the Committee on Budgets, that Europe is meant not just to be a payer, but also, and in particular, a player.
If it were not for the Americans, we would not even have the little pipeline that passes through Azerbaijan and Georgia.
From 1 April next, they want to send old, incredibly noisy aircraft with silencers to Europe.
Mr President, on a point of order, I wanted to announce, before Mrs Emilia Franziska Müller gets started, that the fact that the screen showing the list of names of the speakers has gone wrong may perhaps explain why people might not come to the debate.
Mr President, when, on 9 November 1989, we stood in front of our television sets and saw people, intoxicated by the spirit of democracy, hurling themselves over the Berlin Wall, we all felt the pulse of history.
The resolution by the European Parliament is a commendation of the anti-grass roots policy of the EU, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against it.
Without the development of credible European defence, Europe remains a yapping puppy that is allowed to frolic alongside the American bulldog.
Perhaps the supreme example of this thinking is the Eurofighter, an aeroplane which is becoming operative years late, billions of euros over budget, and which is effectively already obsolete.
Mr President, we are now dealing with a completely different issue and we will have to adapt our mental 'chips' to the new topic.
The system of restricted prerogatives has become an unrestricted supermarket of European policies, an unworkable situation that we want to use the Lamassoure Report to fundamentally change; it is all about making things orderly, systematic and comprehensible.
In Danish shipyards, employees have already begun to be fired on the grounds that it is no longer possible to compete with the huge state subsidies paid by the Koreans.
It is not entirely appropriate in my view to move from the arguments of substance for and against a marketing ban to a much more convoluted and esoteric debate about WTO law.
With regard to fisheries, the proposal affects fresh and chilled fish belonging to certain species such as sea bream, hake and sea bass, as well as smoked fish and salmon.
Because child labour is neither a hobby nor a game, I hope both FIFA and the industry will take the lead and make football a truly fair game for everyone.
It seems that the debate on biofuels has, in a way, put the cart before the horse, in the sense that this is, first and foremost, an agricultural problem and that it would have been more sensible to wait for the assessment of the Berlin agenda to be completed, in other words, to complete the mid-term review, so that we know exactly which direction to take for the biofuels policy.
He was a sailor and, last night, I dreamed that he and his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, were sailing a yacht across a stormy sea.
President Bush sometimes wants to play the cowboy at international level, but risks turning his own peacekeepers into outlaws in the process.
The recent attacks, the recent discovery of a chemicals laboratory for producing explosives and lethal materials and the existence of an area under tribal influence between Afghanistan and Pakistan are further indications of a dangerous situation.
This political pickpocketing is at once antidemocratic and repressive.
In other words, in their jargon, they want 'blockbusters' which earn more than one billion dollars per year.
Mr President, Mrs Cederschiöld's report, which we have just adopted in this Chamber, concerns a Council framework decision seeking to protect us from what is known as hacking into information systems.
In short, I think that Parliament has contributed to improving the proposal for a framework decision intended to provide a response to cybercrime by seeking to approximate the legal provisions of the Member States in order to guarantee that all attacks against information systems become a criminal offence and by promoting police and judicial cooperation.
Other ministers have criticised dynamic modulation on the grounds that in reality it means a progressive reduction in subsidies in real terms and because the model - apart from franchising and capping - does not take sufficient account of existing regional differences.
The Commission is keeping abreast of the current debate on the possible effects of the use of low frequency active sonar on some species of cetaceans.
The problem is that the decision to bomb Iraq into a morgue unfit for the dead was taken a long time ago on the Potomac.
Please can we link these two matters.
We also know that a drone has been discovered which is capable of spreading biological and chemical weapons, and we know the cluster bombs have also been discovered.
Jumbled up in this Community rag bag are a new employment task force, the stated wish for more concise guidelines on economic policy and for recommendations on economic reforms with strict timetables if appropriate.
I think that this is not the time to transfer American kitsch to the European Union and for us to become even more farcical than we were on the issue of Iraq.
This is the time for us to show that the Sakharov Prize is not a nice school prize; it is not a moment of 'glamour' like the Hollywood Oscars. It represents a commitment given by the European Union, through its Parliament, to the cause of democracy, human rights and freedom throughout the world.
The camera zoomed in on the relevant parts of the women's bodies.
He proposes having an economics tsar when it comes to the eurozone's relations with the surrounding world.
That is the source of the complication.
With the outstanding issues - which are the subject of an evolutionary clause, the 'rendez-vous' clause - it is true to say that it does make sense to seek solutions which allow us to resolve the problems we have.
The supply of Cardhu single malt has run low.
This anti-globalisation movement slogan could form the epigraph of our debate.
I am sure you remember vividly the lobby and the debate on flower pots, CD cases, mascara containers and make-up pots.
I often compare the process of European integration with the epic poem on the discoveries, in which the great sixteenth century Portuguese poet, Camões, said that we were sailing ‘on hitherto uncharted waters’.
Parliament has also asked for the immediate replacement of the present ‘pull’ system by a ‘push’ system, and for negotiations on an international agreement to provide European citizens with real guarantees and the same legal protection as American citizens.
There are a number of applications of HFCs, from air conditioning to air-sole trainers and to aerosol fake snow, for example, which we had a little bit of fun about in the press at Christmas.
As regards 'wild boar', there is a problem, which I accept is to do with Spanish parliamentary culture.
The question which arises therefore is institutional: are we an independent political entity or are we a trailer hitched to the American truck?
At a time when the generosity of people across Europe and the world towards the victims of the tsunami disaster is evident to all, it is inexplicable why this Parliament is committing a considerable sum of money to a programme of events and receptions in support of the European Constitution.
Just as it was right to bring in the minimum wage to combat the problem of poverty pay, it is now time to call time on excessive working hours, which see workers bullied and exploited, fuel stress and other health problems, and which damage family life.
I was called a hooligan; I was told I had behaved like a football supporter.
I hope it was not the Scottish accents coming across.
According to the world's largest security software company, 'the world faces a threat of “blockbuster” proportions from new 3G mobile phone viruses and increasingly sophisticated PC “spyware” programmes'.
The influenza virus is an RNA virus containing eight genes.
What that means is that there is an urgent need for a change of approach where the production of vaccines is concerned, and it also goes without saying that we can work much more quickly with cell cultures such as MPS.
Only a European Union with a single foreign policy, one that makes full use of its own capacities, sings from a single hymn sheet and has made structural fragmentation a thing of the past, will succeed in doing that.
Over recent days, regrettably, there have been comments from the Basque nationalist government and Spain’s Socialist government aimed at rolling out a red carpet for these terrorists, which they can walk unhindered at their coming congress.
. President-in-Office, you are said to be skilled in drawing and adept at mountaineering.
We are deeply shocked that preparations are being made for the forthcoming World Cup with a blind eye being turned not only to the construction, but also to the commercial promotion, of a place that some even dare to boast will be the largest brothel in the world.
.Responding to the linguistic standardisation of Europe, whereby English is the popular phonetic soup, with a form of multilingualism that the European Union would do well to practice itself, is all well and good.
Faced with the numerous threats that regularly place a strain on those regions, from tsunamis to volcanic eruptions, earthquakes to cyclones, and, from now on, the reactivation of mosquito-borne viral diseases, such as chikungunya in Réunion or dengue in Guyana, the overseas populations are awaiting a suitable response from Europe in terms of security, prevention and solidarity.
This is another example of a situation in which those in control call the shots; that is to say that in this ‘federalist’ Parliament, the weighting of Members from each country, with central and northern European MEPs the dominant force, is a decisive factor in undermining the interests of Mediterranean countries, in which more than 90% of forest fires take place.
Just as it was legitimate to condemn the initial capture of the Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah, then above all the latter’s serious decision to respond to the bombing of Lebanese towns by launching missiles on Israeli towns, thus in turn committing crimes against the civilian population, the green light that has been given to Israel for many days now to carry out and pursue this terrifying war is leaving people amazed and is fuelling revolt.
What is more, economists estimate that the price of a gallon of oil, which currently stands at USD 3, will have to be increased to USD 10 in order to integrate the cost of health care and climate change.
I could also mention ICT technologies exploiting optical and spin states that facilitate further compression of information to be read with blue lasers, and to biotechnology, including DNA research and bioinformatic systems.
(EL) Mr President, the recent decision by the Council of Ministers to impose antidumping duties leads me to two crucial comments.
I have a further question: does the Council not agree that we seem to be creating more and more agencies, like confetti sprinkled around the Member States, so that everybody has one, rather than when there is a real need - not so much this one, perhaps, but many of the others that have been created?
Next, I shall respond to Mrs Rühle and to Mrs Gebhardt on the issue of public-private partnerships and on the 'in-house' concept.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October 2006. This report mentions how an Internet blog created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual, was shut down.
It seems to me that this is not a question of Parliament coming cap in hand, begging for support.
That has a great deal to do with the fact that - in parallel with the process to which Mr Farage referred - the other thing going on is outsourcing, which prevents the creation, in our various countries, of the social foundations on which a proper social model for a strong Europe might actually be built.
Subject: Duty-free sales within the new aviation security regulations
In this regard, why have we not looked at creating a Pacific hub, a regional hub?
When people are tired to the point of exhaustion from a long working day, it is easier for them to grab fast food than to make the effort to cook; they find themselves wanting to flake out in front of the television with crisps and a fizzy drink, and their children imitate their behaviour.
Firms must be able to win a public contract even if they do not have an ecologically-correct pot of flowers in front of the factory gate and even if the menu of their works canteen does not include alternative meals.
There is also the area of VAT, with the intracommunity frauds that the single market allows, with fiscal dumping and our Baltic friends who benefit from their 'flat tax', to give themselves an advantage.
rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, Mr Barrot, ladies and gentlemen, I am disappointed that the 'Transport live night show' is not the Council's favourite, since it was the Council in particular that I wanted to address.
On account of all these sound amendments, the lay-out of the report may not be anything to write home about, but I hope that the message is clear. Parliament wants to see concrete measures rather than deferral.
We often read about incidents of violence against men and women because of their sexual leanings, or we look on helplessly at the increasingly common cases of serious bullying at school, which can even lead young people to commit suicide, as recently happened in Italy.
But of course, having done that, it allows the producers of those parts, and particularly tuning and other companies, to have access to the single market with a single approval.
Everyone hopes there will be more debt relief, none more than I. You are also correct in saying that it is actually no more than one shot and that, if governments want to honour their pledges, they must increase the value in real and absolute terms of the amounts they devote to their development aid policies over the next few years.
Madam President, well, we do seem to have a lot of armchair generals in the House this afternoon!
Perhaps of even more interest to some, without fungicides and herbicides to protect and cure disease in fine turf, many golf and bowling surfaces would become weed-infested and unplayable.
The C.SIS (Central SIS) also underwent a major upgrade thanks to the total commitment of the French Republic, which we must thank.
Just as we introduced the euro as an internal fitness programme for the single market, we now have the Lisbon Strategy, for all the reservations and problems that may accompany it, as a fitness programme to get us into shape for global competition.
I would also like a mid-term health check when it comes to the roadmap for gender equality, which contains a lot of nice words, but no regulation so far on the horizon.
So, we want to connect the wires to 1 and 3.
But instead of trying to figure out whether the data supplies sufficient evidence to conclude that the engines meet the actual emissions requirement, and all of the hypothesis testing, I thought I would also use the same data that we had in the last video to actually come up with a 95% confidence interval.
So if you randomly pick a T-value from this T-distribution, it has a 95% chance of being within this far from the mean.
Not only did they prove to be Sacajawea's band, but their leader, Chief Cameahwait, turned out to be her very own brother.
And I can pretty much can guarantee that 99% of the kids in the class are eating meat, dairy and eggs.
Either you're seeing an animal, or you're seeing food.
It does not take a business expert to realize that.
What is the #1 cause of food allergies among infants and children?
And I guarantee what are people gonna say to you, when you say, I put diesel in my car today.
When the trailer arrives, the cows in the herd will moo.
If you guys want more information, you can always email me at james@arff.org You can visit our website for all of this information www.arff.org
They can give them more control over pricing, which is what the band Radiohead did with its pay-as-you-like online release of its album
When Microsoft Kinect came out, the motion-controlled add-on to its Xbox gaming console, it immediately drew the attention of hackers.
HootSuite understands this challenge, and has partnered with Global Relay, a leading enterprise archiving provider to make you social media compliant.
This means that messages from all of your connected social networks are easily reviewable by your company's compliance team and by industry regulators.
Once you are set up, any team member that posts using HootSuite will automatically have their messages archived into the Global Relay system, providing outbound solutions for your social media.
The HootSuite and Global Relay partnership gives you a 360 degree view for your social media messages and easily integrates your social media archive with existing email and chat archives.
So four, almost five years ago, Proposition 8, the great marriage equality debate, was raising a lot of dust around this country.
Last year you worked at a local art museum, helping organize their collection and giving tours to visitors.
So, you email him and learn that the photographer's wife's cousin publishes a sustainability magazine, which employs a staff writer who pitches on a local baseball team with an umpire who, wait for it, is an organic farmer.
In general, that seems like a funny cartoon, but let's look what online survey I did.
It would not be with a guy with a bomb saying,  Too snug?
So picture Bell sitting in the outpatient department, students all around him, patients signing up in the emergency room and being registered and being brought in.
Bell says,  What sort of crossing did you have on the ferry from Burntisland?
And when it comes out, a series of wiki sites under the label WlSER, are going to launch at the same time.
These funds are to philanthropy what venture capital, private equity, and eventually mutual funds are to investing, but with a twist -- because often a community forms around these funds, as it has at Acumen and other places.
Xigi is a new community site that's built by the community,
Words like  philanthrocapitalism,  and  natural capitalism,  and  philanthroentrepreneur,  and  venture philanthropy.
The war in Vietnam was raging; the Civil Rights Movement was under way; and pictures had a powerful influence on me.
I saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, specifically visual journalism, can bring into focus both the benefits and the cost of political policies.
Without the political will to find common ground, the continual friction of tactic and counter-tactic only creates suspicion and hatred and vengeance, and perpetuates the cycle of violence.
A mosque in northern Bosnia was destroyed by Serbian artillery and was used as a makeshift morgue.
One of the things I had to learn as a journalist was what to do with my anger.
The next day I left for Rwanda, and it was like taking the express elevator to hell.
NATO forces went in, and the Serbian army withdrew.
I've been working on a long project on crime and punishment in America.
One day in rehab someone, started talking about surfing and all these guys who'd never surfed before said,  Hey, let's go.
So here are the details.
It's about 300 km per hour before looping.
In a fighter, you have an ejection seat.
If there are fewer pages displaying than what you have in your site, make sure we can find and crawl your content and that it delivers value to users.
If you've recently purchased your domain, it might not be performing well because it formally contained spamming or problematic content.
If you believe this could be the case, you'll want to log in to web master tools, add and verify your new site, then file a reconsideration request noting this information.
Adding a navigational bar or a menu to your site is a popular and clean way to improve site navigation.
Go ahead and select the paper clip icon, attach image or file.
Now a link for the image will pop up, go ahead and type out your messaging and select which networks you'd like to post this message to.
So we are going to use the same code essentially, actually let me just copy and paste,
And this is part of the for-loop.
So he went to find them. They said,  We can give you a franchise on this for 3,000 bucks.
Embereket láttunk rohanni New York és Washington utcáin, hazafiaskodó amerikai szlogeneket harsogva, úgy lengetve zászlóikat, mint valami szekta tagjai, dicsőítve egy másik emberi lény halálát. Íme egy újabb vetülete a  modern társadalom  nevet viselő betegségnek.
Remember from general chemistry, valence electrons are the electrons on the outer-most energy level.
It does look like waffles indeed...
Just to clarify, this isn't a web programming class, it's software engineering.
But I have to say, to those of you who have had a positive attitude about it and you're, you're kind of working around the difficulties and bearing with us, we really appreciate it.
And my hope is that we're going to have some interviews with some software professionals and mini-celebrities here in the Bay area.
- It's a big planet, with many different continents which results in many different human beings seperate from each others, then when they met, the most degenerate thought they were superior then everybody, there was mass killings, and now it is the degenerates who dominate everything.
And so we can compare and contrast the big ideas.
And, by the way, this is the way in which we develop and formulate strategy within Autodesk, in some of our organizations and some of our divisions.
It's top of the line
The cost of lifting the pencil and marking a  V  is higher than the possible benefit of the decision, so that's why we get this effect.
They do have a head start, but when the sun comes up, the heat will slow 'em down.
I'm sure that the young lady would like to freshen up.
You're so selfish, Meier.
Spatial reasoning is deeply connected to how we understand a lot of the world around us.
And Siftables are an example of a new ecosystem of tools for manipulating digital information.
One of the interesting implications on interaction, we started to realize, was that we could use everyday gestures on data, like pouring a color the way we might pour a liquid.
The vectors as you get closer, get bigger and bigger. And let me zoom in.
I'm going to make a very cute marshmallow for you to give to your friends...
The water over there's boiled, now we just drain the gelatine, get a lot of water out and i'll take it to melt on the stove.
Marshmallow looks like something super pop and modern, but actually it was consumed as candy during the times of the ancient Egypt, did you know that?
Listen, if you happen to raise any money out of this, we'll gladly take it.  (Laughter)
So he starts with 531 tomatoes let me give myself a little more space to work with -- he starts with 531 tomatoes and he is able to sell 176.
It's built as a barn raising, using open source hardware.
And every green space we create is an invitation for non-humans to cohabit with us.
It looks like this: buoys that float on the water, project three foot up, three foot down.
And then you can also text the fish.
Your user profile is what other members of your organization see, and you can easily edit it by selecting the pencil icon next to your name.
Japan and the post [inaudible] can have incredibly high growth.
Graphical user interface is a fancy term for new screen layout
Well, I've got my offsets set now so I need to load my program
The  Remaining  timer uses the information from the  Last Cycle  timer to display the time remaining in a program
The new user settable  Operation Timers and Set-Up  page has been added to current commands
There is no change to the alarm message display other than the added quick-key help screens
[Radio announcer:] ... Consistent reports from witnesses to the affected people who acted as though they were in a kind of trance
Physio Radiance is an absolutely hypoallergenic, unisex, and high-end anti-aging skin care treatment that teaches your skin to self-regulate, self-regenerate and self-repair.
Oh my gosh, this guy can string the bow maybe there is something to him.
This maneuver is going to happen so quickly that we can't use position feedback to correct the motion during execution.
Hover over the tweet and hit the reply arrow.
You have to be connected to the internet continuously for 45 minutes, that's how long these exams take.
You can think of DNA as a great library of information, information that is used to do one thing and one thing only: direct the building of different protein molecules.
In the last few years progress has been made in this area.
And so once again, pause it if you don't want any more hints.
But this guy might just see, OK how many green hats are there, and how many purple hats are there?
Basically, we've come up with a way to stain tissue and color-code the surgical field.
They'll call it the blue forehead room. And let's see, that's kind of a top view of the room. And let's say there's a door here.
(Laughter) So actually, I took a carton of orange juice and I poured it in the glass to take this picture.
Or look at Google. If you type in, oh say,  emotion and design,  you get 10 pages of results.
And I think it's a good tool to have in your toolkit in case you've never seen it before.
It's not that it guarantees peace with itself or with its neighbors.
- I don't get why anybody would be mad!
- (Finebros) No, not a gate. - Or a Golden Gay Bridge?
- You shouldn't have to be any different than regular marriage, even though in our society it is. - My friends talk about it all the time. They use the word  gay  as something else.
- Because they know people are mean about it and they don't want to be bullied.
She's sitting listening and the next thing we hear Homer saying is, but as for supper, what could be less enticing than what a goddess and powerful man would spread before them soon a groaning feast for they'd be first to plot their vicious crimes.
The tobacco lobby, it's too strong.
After founding my company, Interface, from scratch in 1973, 36 years ago, to produce carpet tiles in America for the business and institution markets, and shepherding it through start-up and survival to prosperity and global dominance in its field,
They went on to describe me as America's greenest CEO.
No amount of advertising, no clever marketing campaign, at any price, could have produced or created this much goodwill.
And I myself met this person in the early days of this mountain climb.
And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community, which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
Next to Luca Alexandrovich, was Fedyushka, with his father's cap on his head.
So this robot is actually equipped with a camera, and a laser rangefinder, laser scanner.
i think that this is an incredible final time for artist there is no cap on creativity the technological advances have given the artist an open door to creating as much as their capacity will allow
You wouldn't believe it if it was in a film. Stuff like this just doesn't happen in real life.
This place cost me a fortune.
What a great sense of timing!
Early example: the Sugarhill Gang samples the bass riff from Chic's  Good Times  in the 1979 hit  Rapper's Delight .
So in 1961 William Burroughs not only invents the term  heavy metal,  the brand of music Zeppelin and a few other groups would pioneer, he also produces an early remix.
Dazed and Confused  features different lyrics but is clearly an uncredited cover of the same-titled song by Jake Holmes.
And so, I thought this was an interesting idea, and I incorporated it into a design workshop. And it was a huge success.
It's a blog that you can look at how to build the marshmallows.
The extraordinary thing is that he said he had saved newspaper clippings throughout my whole childhood, whether winning a second grade spelling bee, marching with the Girl Scouts, you know, the Halloween parade, winning my college scholarship, or any of my sports victories, and he was using it, and integrating it into teaching resident students, med students from Hahnemann Medical School and Hershey Medical School.
They were able to conquer much of Egypt using superior military technology like bronze weapons and compound bows, and chariots of fire.
So, you can imagine that if we're really zoomed in on the surface of the heart and we're looking at the cardiac muscle tissue, if this person with this heart needed to go jogging and this cardiac muscle cell needed oxygen, they probably wouldn't be able to get the needed oxygen because of the stenosis which caused ischemia.
This is a euphemism for stealing.
Now, imagine each one of these varieties as being distinct from another about the same way as a poodle from a Great Dane.
And I know that this tags me as a bit of a nerd, but ... (Laughter)
The sport of digging the bait is nearly equal to that of catching the fish, when one's appetite is not too keen; and this you may have all to yourself today.
I think that I may warrant you one worm to every three sods you turn up, if you look well in among the roots of the grass, as if you were weeding.
I formerly saw the raccoon in the woods behind where my house is built, and probably still heard their whinnering at night.
I took up the chip on which the three I have particularly described were struggling, carried it into my house, and placed it under a tumbler on my window- sill, in order to see the issue.
I could commonly hear the splash of the water when he came up, and so also detected him.
Digging one day for fishworms, I discovered the ground-nut (Apios tuberosa) on its string, the potato of the aborigines, a sort of fabulous fruit, which I had begun to doubt if I had ever dug and eaten in childhood, as I had told, and had not dreamed it.
Like the wasps, before I finally went into winter quarters in November, I used to resort to the northeast side of Walden, which the sun, reflected from the pitch pine woods and the stony shore, made the fireside of the pond; it is so much pleasanter and wholesomer to be warmed by the sun while you can be, than by an artificial fire.
These are the little air-guns which contribute to make the ice crack and whoop.
I had just sunk my head on this when the bells rung fire, and in hot haste the engines rolled that way, led by a straggling troop of men and boys, and I among the foremost, for I had leaped the brook.
There, far from the village street, and except at very long intervals, from the jingle of sleigh-bells, I slid and skated, as in a vast moose-yard well trodden, overhung by oak woods and solemn pines bent down with snow or bristling with icicles.
That evening a Weston squire came to the Concord hunter's cottage to inquire for his hounds, and told how for a week they had been hunting on their own account from
It is hardly as if you had seen a wild creature when a rabbit or a partridge bursts away, only a natural one, as much to be expected as rustling leaves.
Mania is a distinct period of abnormally and persistently elevated, expansive, or irritable mood, and abnormally and persistently increased activity or energy
I see the slogan that is everywhere which says that,
It's a lovely example of the sort of thing we do: take a bizarre, seemingly incomprehensible, neural psychiatric syndrome and say that the standard Freudian view is wrong, that, in fact, you can come up with a precise explanation in terms of the known neural anatomy of the brain.
It's the dependence on farm subsidies and under-performing schools and higher poverty rates in rural areas than in urban.
Bunn's Barbecue being my absolute favorite.
So, just like in the Granovetter model we're going to have a threshold, and there's going to be a threshold in which I stand up but it is going to be somewhat different.
Alright, fitness and health, if you want to get a group of people of society even to become more healthy, that's a lot like a standing ovation.
And I loved that sense, so I started skating when I was about 10 years old, in 1977, and when I did, I picked it up pretty quickly.
The crazy thing was, there was a really liberating sense about it, because I no longer had to protect my record as a champion.
Every single one of these guys, you look at them, you can see a silhouette of them, and you realize,
You can be a Linux kernel hacker, make it more stable, right?
Diseases as common as depression, trauma, and phobia often aren't caught in prison reception screenings, and once in prison, the chances of getting adequate treatment plummet because the system doesn't have the capacity for it, and because the environment is more punitive then rehabilitative.
When you hop on the train the lines aren't incredibly long, when you go the grocery store, when you go to the dry cleaners, it's not incredibly crowded nor is it particularly empty?
And this formula, right here, for solving any quadratic equation is called the quadratic formula.
Or asked a store employee to check their system for a special item?
Now, he records his lessons from a converted closet in the back of his bedroom.
It's even more difficult in Edinburgh because you have to count all the whisky and the tartan.
Shorts and a shirt?
Well, we're usually so bombarded with constant requests by other people, with this device, you can shut off the Internet connectivity of your PC of choice for a pre-set amount of time, to actually get some work done.
This is Buster setting up a pull-up machine at the office of his new start-up, Habit Labs, where they're trying to build other applications like  Health Month  for people.
We had to keep it secret from our industrial designer until she actually accepted the job, and then she almost ran away screaming.
People literally were fighting each other in front of the freezer, you know, in front of the cooler section of their local store because they wanted the old Coke back.
Are science and religion compatible?
There's a ReverseSpeech.com web page where I downloaded this stuff.
These parents were not afraid to tell the teachers what to do and to check up to see what they did.
Now, the  kick  is the kick drum on the bottom and it makes the loud bass sound.
This virtuous cycle begins to take off.
The other tool we'll use is the dom shot library which can get a graphical snapshot of the specific dom node.
I'm going to leave my old code down here so you can compare it a little bit, but then I'll delete it because I don't want the same thing to be run twice.
So when you put this hash tag, it essentially comments out that line.
But casinos and the lottery every day operate on this principle that if you take enough people-- sure, in the short-term or with a few samples, a couple people might beat the house.
The average plant food does indeed have over a 1,000 units of antioxidant power, but for comparison's sake, just to be fair to the animal foods, I'm going to choose the least healthy plant food I can think of: good old American iceberg lettuce, which I think of as basically just water.
And in fact, these free courses could not only be available just on the Internet, but you could make it so that DVDs were always available, and so anybody who has access to a DVD player can have the very best teachers.
Don't tell me that is not important: a boy, now I'm going to use quite a rash expression, armed with an smartphone connected to Internet and angry with another boy.
Well, maybe you missed the whole part back there where I saved you and Papa Geppetto here from a whole bunch of Russian bad guys.
Knewton is a data-mining and adaptive learning platform that allows anybody, anywhere to upload content.
One of the revolutions that we're going to see is where less and less of education is about a conveyer of content, because that is going to be a commodity, and hopefully one that's going to be available to everyone around the world.
Open your notebook and figure it out for yourself.
It's a very profound notion to know that we as women are at the vanguard of this.
All this—all this for to raise our spirit, left, liberal, pseudo-Hollywood Marxism thrillers like Pelican's Brief, All the President's Men, which may appear very critical, you know, like,
And I just wanted to ask if you are seeing this as a change of approach with your legal team in dealing with your possible extradition to Sweden?
Then you fill another electron, and we'll talk about spin and things like that in the future.
Gregor realized that he must not under any circumstances allow the manager to go away in this frame of mind, especially if his position in the firm was not to be placed in the greatest danger.
She did not find him immediately, but when she noticed him under the couch--God, he had to be somewhere or other, for he could hardly fly away--she got such a shock that, without being able to control herself, she slammed the door shut once again from the outside.
It now seemed really clear that, having assumed they were to hear a beautiful or entertaining violin recital, they were disappointed and were allowing their peace and quiet to be disturbed only out of politeness.
In the hall all three of them took their hats from the coat rack, pulled their canes from the cane holder, bowed silently, and left the apartment.
And you couldn't all sit, sort of in a little ring around the computer. It's so we would have phones in our offices and we would, you know, work in our office, just like I'm working in my office right now. But there wasn't enough computation [inaudible], any work in my office so I had to connect to something outside.
My mouth is already watering... (not!) ... and we will also make a lemon grass juice!
And on today's show I'm going to make a vanilla cupcake with lemon curd filling...
Now I'm going to prepare a Swiss Meringue, to top the cupcakes with.
And I'm about to show you some stop-motion footage that I made recently where you'll see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the period of an hour.
Don't touch my designer jeans!
And she turned her face toward the streaming panes of the window of the railway carriage and gazed out at the gray rain-storm which looked as if it would go on forever and ever.
Then they had passed a church and a vicarage and a little shop-window or so in a cottage with toys and sweets and odd things set out for sale.
She had just paused and was looking up at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind when she saw a gleam of scarlet and heard a brilliant chirp, and there, on the top of the wall, forward perched Ben
Sometimes they were pictures of dark, curious landscapes, but oftenest they were portraits of men and women in queer, grand costumes made of satin and velvet.
Yes, they are tiny growing things and they might be crocuses or snowdrops or daffodils,  she whispered.
He was very much pleased to see gardening begun on his own estate.
It's the strangest house any one ever lived in,  said Mary drowsily, as she dropped her head on the cushioned seat of the armchair near her.
The film broke records at the box office proving yet again, that women can lead successful blockbuster films.
She had started her business squatting in an abandoned garage, sewing sheets and pillow cases she would take to markets all around the city so that she could support the 12 or 13 family members who were counting on her for survival.
Apple launches the iPhone in China and censors the Dalai Lama out along with several other politically sensitive applications at the request of the Chinese government for its Chinese app store.
The German magazine Stern, a news magazine, had its app censored because the Apple nannies deemed it to be a little bit too racy for their users, and despite the fact that this magazine is perfectly legal for sale on newsstands throughout Germany.
Now in China, you have the  great firewall,  as it's well-known, that blocks Facebook and Twitter and now Google+ and many of the other overseas websites.
You can see the basic HTML here with the form and the password input and the submit button, and we have a script down here where we start executing our javascript.
Egyptian power during the 1830s when Muhammad Ali's domain is at its height at say, around 1840.
I could be an elf with an umbrella.
Sacking Rome became a barbarian pastime. And the Vandals, thanks to their exceptional knack for destruction and violence, gave us the world the 'vandalism'--
We now know how to name aldehydes and ketones, and what I want to do in this video is show a mechanism for actually creating one.
Tumblr, SoundCloud, an early YouTube, wherever people express themselves, make art, broadcast news or organize protests, there's plenty of TV footage, movie clips, and copyrighted music mixed in.
If we can install these molecules in neurons somehow, then these neurons would become electrically drivable with light.
And I just look at this, and I think, yes, we could take that so much further by allowing people to set targets by setting calibrated targets, by using elements of uncertainty, by using these multiple targets, by using a grand, underlying reward and incentive system, by setting people up to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use these very sophisticated group and motivational mechanics we see.
All over the world there are starting to be hack-a-thons, gatherings, Aaron Swartz has, in some sense, brought the best out of us, in trying to say: How do we fix this?
There's one missing piece to the puzzle, and that is that our species has an extraordinarily strange recent history.
The bold, actressy pose, with stage curtain and smoke as background, the knick-knacks, the frills, the outlandish wigs... all gone!
For the company where he would rant about, maybe, the company screwing up, and he had a public blog that he would talk about technology.
I'll start with an anecdote, or for those of you who are Monty Python lovers, a Monty Python type of sketch.
All they had was just a monitor in front of them that had the numbers on it and just a red button that said,  Stop.
What if it was a security patch for a buffer overflow exploit, of which Windows has not some, [but] several?
Let's make m equal the length of the middle shelf. m for middle. And then let's make b equal to the length of the bottom shelf b for bottom. Bottom shelf.
But what about the pop-up menu where you put in your state?
And just to make the boundaries of integration make a little bit more sense, because we know that a is less than b, let's swap them.
When you or your team are working on a pipeline machine learning system, this can sometimes give you a very strong signal, a very strong guidance, on what parts of the pipeline might be the best use of your time to work on.
So, in other words, we have some set of test set images and for each test set images, we run it through text section, then character 7 nation, then character recognition, and we find that on our test set, the overall accuracy of the entire system was 72% on one of the metric you chose.
Similarly, the other more - sort of more famous one in the crowd funding side of things, Kickstarter, last year to $320 million in project-based funding, a remarkable, remarkable number!
Started of with a big mainframe like this, surrounded by a bunch of dumb terminals.
And that happened because of thousands of innovations by hundreds, maybe thousands of companies that brought down the price and improved the efficiency of broadband, and microprocessor speed and wireless, storage, and everything else to the point that we no longer think, at least in the developed world, how much time we spend doing this or doing this.
If you take your laptop and smash it in the front of 50 others...
Because if the committee actually discussed this research, it would be unable to justify its recommendation to eat meat at all, as the research would show that meat increases the risks for chronic diseases, contrary to the purpose of having dietary guidelines in the first place, right?
I mean that's what you want from a frame book, not to make like more complicated, it's complicated enough.
He's brave... ...like a cowboy should be, and kind and smart, but the thing that makes Woody special... is he'll never give up on you.
Pinch him g-d forbid show him frowned save rod hates his son
So we offer teachers bonuses if the kids they teach score passing grades on these big test scores that are used to evaluate the quality of school systems.
He was only able to get part-time work because of his back, and so he was unable to earn enough to put food on the table and take care of his family.
This is a German bunker.
So DNA comes in and hits this blue, doughnut-shaped structure and it's ripped apart into its two strands.
He wore a dark-brown velvet jacket with a high, black, linen-lined collar turned up about his neck.
Then the finer end of Fearenside's whip reached his property, and the dog, yelping with dismay, retreated under the wheels of the waggon.
You're a damned rum customer, mister,  said Mr. Jaffers.
The barman leant his fat red arms on the counter and talked of horses with an anaemic cabman, while a black-bearded man in grey snapped up biscuit and cheese, drank Burton, and conversed in American with a policeman off duty.
The tumbler of whiskey tilted itself.
He walked to a wardrobe and produced a robe of dingy scarlet.
These people have no escape at all, and as we take in such a difficult subject, it's important to note that slavery, including sex trafficking, occurs in our own backyard as well.
There is no perfect pickle; there are only perfect pickles.
We are going to monitor a hashtag and in this example we'll pretend we're the international burger joint, Five Guys.
What made you forget love affair with glitter and fireworks Why
I was asked to make a poster to be placed in the subway cars in New York City for a year.
Right, or if you?re trying to decide you know exactly how many bagels to buy at the bagel store, you know maybe you just sort of pick a dozen or something.
This good for doing parkour here
No, not shortcut it, had reason not the ataje shortcut single
This, the ability to take real-world phenomena and make them something a microchip can understand, is, I think, the most important skill anyone can have these days.
- So, millions of Netflix members watch all kinds of movies and TV shows on the Nintendo's Wii console.
One option is the fast food fetish.
A second option is the sexy geek option.
Last year we didn't have one Qatari woman filmmaker.
Gondoljunk a végtelen kegyetlenségre, amit a pont egyik oldalának lakosai okoztak a pont másik oldalán élő tőlük alig különböző lakosainak.
AND THE HEAD-MOUNTED DlSPLAY, SOMETlMES KNOWN AS GATOR VlSION. AND SO I HAD AN IN.
They don't understand the basic guest host relationship.
The CPU is sometimes called the brain of the computer, because it processes information and carries out commands.
You can add a video card to get better graphics performance, or you can add a wireless card to connect to your wireless home network.
First of all, there's a long history of antipathy between science and the law in American jurisprudence.
And if you just go and take a look at what's happening in the online world, here's a video built by Clarified Networks, which illustrates how one single malware family is able to move around the world.
They have seven tentacles, and they have 14 little funny-looking compound eyes, and a brain shaped like a pretzel.
You know, hello, Home Depot, can I have some hot pink polypropylene, six and a half million square feet?
There's also three ports at the top of the phone a headphone jack, a Mini USB connector for charging and PC connection, and a Micro Sim slot.
The people hub is a great place to see how social networking has been really integrated into the phone.
In this exercise, we will add a virtual sequencer which will control the sequencer of the input packet driver.
The ketchup question goes like this:
There's player one and there's player two.
Right? There are spambots crawling it, trying to turn every article into an ad for a Rolex watch. (Laughter)
Some of you may remember Star Wars Kid, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball retriever, acting as if it were a light saber.
I can't believe you've almost done with your demo and you haven't written a song about your best friend.
This is a pH probe.
Zero is a higher slope than some negative slope here.
One quiz I sometimes give my undergrads is to say, think of five coordination games that you have to play every day.
But if you are an extreme optimistic penguin who just jumps down blindly hoping for the best, you might find yourself in a bit of a mess when you hit the ground.
And, a cookie that we'll talk shortly.
The problem is that the way that you remember which page you're caching is by the URI that references that page.
The blank is just a kind of bluff; it's just a bluff from the mind itself.
So a conversation between an Indian speaking Tupi and a White speaking contemporary Portuguese from the time of the discovery for us modern Brazilians, may as well be Greek.
That sounds like fancy word.
If you bounce a ping-pong ball off a billiard ball, the ping-pong ball will come back and this one becomes negative, whereas if you plow a billiard ball into a ping-pong ball, it will go forward.
You know, think of our evolutionary predilection for eating sweet things, fatty things like cheesecake.
As he spoke there was the sharp sound of horses' hoofs and grating wheels against the curb, followed by a sharp pull at the bell.
Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for an instant, for I was not sure when he might come, and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, that I would not risk the loss of it.
It is a hobby of mine to have an exact knowledge of London.
A vegan diet was first put to the test in 2000, in Helsinki.
And that's how we have done, and that's how we've transferred our knowledge and the technology and the  know how , to the Iranian government for their space program.
We input it into our little function box, and we need to get our output.
This skinny 20% surplus allotment of energy is sufficient to allow rich hierarchies to form, job specializations to develop, and large works of architecture to be built. Â
This best seller and all its literary heirs -
We worked very hard to get the smog reduction happening here in Los Angeles.
We can even add microprocessors and have this as an input and create squishy sound music that we've done.
So it was brought up, I think the user name is Minoctu, and they correctly corrected me, that there would never be such a thing as 2-Propylheptane.
Responsive web design is basically a way for you to code with a single code base for multiple devices.
Now, when we're talking about coding a specific version of the site for all of the different applications, what's going to happen is you go to the desktop version of the site-- they call that the full site-- on a lot of websites you get one single version of the site.
Just in the same way like if you go to the Louvre, you can buy your mousepad and your coffee cup with the Mona Lisa, you know, something that is 500 years old.
So here's a screenshot from searching for a flight, where the constraint specified yielded no possible solution.
To celebrate this partnership I made a milkshake  reread  that is on Tastemade's channel but I made a milkshake  à la I Could Kill For Dessert .
However, I am disappointed with the crude Louie the Logic Gremlin character, as it is just irritating and hideously stupid.
If it's false, then the flag hit will valuate to zero, 1 - hit will be 1.
All of those probably have developed our ability to, to ascertain those is an important part of our evolutionary benefit. And I'm, I'm guessing that each of those has an important function for why we have survived today. Well, the, the interesting parts for me are of, of, as I look at this, is that timbre is more and more, perhaps more important than we realize in, in understanding how we respond to music.
English-British for the correct transcript.
We have to use this command reset ticks in the setup.
The Zendesk and Get Satisfaction apps may be particularly useful to you to take a social media message and create a ticket or send it to your forum.
This is natural selection, this is purported to apply to everything, it purports to explain why we evolved from basic bacteria or maybe from self replicating RNA which I will talk about more in the future.
And we have chosen for that Karo light corn syrup.
My friend's a romantic, he's really shy.
And the limousine empties out.
His mother had died from a heroin overdose.
And notice that I call this message delta 2,1. Delta, 2 being the from. And 1 being the to, and so taken delta 2,1, and now factor one, cluster one is going to say well I'm going to pick that and I'm going to multiply it, with my current, thoughts about the variables A,B and that's going to give me a more informed factor and now I'm going to communicate that information to factor four, to cluster four.
Signora Evola, the Madam I worked for... ...sent me to a client after feeding me a large laxative-spiced meal
It's your mother you're crying for?
A few years ago, I was thinking about this, and I went to  The Sunday Sport,  a tabloid newspaper I don't recommend you start reading if you're not familiar with it already.
With the key switch still in Setup mode and the operator doors now open
He seems to be wooing not his future wife, but her dad.
In other words, that risk on the quarter acre needed to be repaid in a single harvest, or else they wouldn't take the risk.
The season finale was just blah cover my ears cover my eyes
If you're watching this video, the first thing I suggest is stop, go to businessmodelgeneration.com, and download the canvas and print out bunch of copies.
And this just happens until all of the energy in the system is basically used up, and then, game over.
You've probably seen it at a football game, on some placard, or at a boxing match.
The one of the forms of method for disfranchisement that I've talked about, the one that the Supreme Court does strike down, is the Grandfather Clause.
These platforms invite all sorts of developers and all sorts of people to come with their ideas and their opportunity to create and target an application for a particular audience.
My first book, a piece of journalism I'd done only for the money and which had already bought me an electric typewriter from the advance, should have been a best seller.
Now I don't just mean in the field of daft macho Edwardian style derring-do, but also in the fields of pancreatic cancer, there is something addictive about this, and in my case, I think polar expeditions are perhaps not that far removed from having a crack habit.
Nine months later, after that day on snot rock, I had the only blind date in my life with a seven and a half foot elephant called Kanchi.
Today I am going with my kids garden then have a small slide, and high, and curling and...
Yeah. Even when his Uncle died he found WiFi at the funeral home.
A secure browser helps guard against threats such as phishing and malware, which could steal your passwords - or worse.
So the acoustic model can compensate for the deficiency of the language model and vice versa.
And then the notion of a flush.
Yo, sick of these things kitsch!
That's the power of the spin-off.
And when we color-code this image, to bring out the faint light levels, we see that these jets feed a plume that, in fact, we see, in other images, goes thousands of miles into the space above Enceladus.
Those are the origami creases forming, and now you can see the airbag inflate and find out, does it work?
Agora, como eu tenho certeza que todos vocês sabem, o popular jogo de playground chamado  British Bulldogs  foi proibido na maioria das escolas porque as pessoas dizem que é muito perigoso.
Mas por fora, ele fez um upgrade na suspensão, melhorou os freios e trabalhou com um comando de válvulas variável no motor.
If you put in ten hours on the exam then you'll probably, you know studying for the exam, then you will probably ace the test and get an A of the course.
A number of these agricultural improvements came from the Dutch who had chronic problems feeding themselves and discovered that planting different kinds of crops, like clover, that added nitrogen to the soil and can be used to feed livestock at the same time, meant that more fields could be used at once. This increased productivity eventually brought down prices, and this encouraged further innovation in order to increase yield to make up for the drop in prices.
So a thread is like its own program.
Or Mistborn - A gang of thieves try to rob the dark lord himself.
Malgré tous tes petits joujoux je t'éclate quand même iPhone iPad iPoum iChbam !
Among those papers, was this binder entitled  FlNFlSHER.
I played softball for five years growing up.
And at about 85 meters of my 100 meters sprint, in all my glory, I came out of my leg.
I put my snorkel in my mouth, and I rolled over the side of the Zodiac into the water.
Posttraumatic stress disorder, PTSD, is a chronic and devastating illness associated with high rates of disability and suicide.
And then finally, I want to show you some responses that we recorded with the world's first deep-sea webcam, which we had installed in Monterey Canyon last year.
Leah Her first encounter with Jacob is covered in a veil and is confident that Rachel glamor to the world of writing, she remained a woman covered his face.h, the world covered.
Then we also see some close-up with what the suitors are all about.
Looks pretty much like old-style assembly language.
Ki, that's...a 4000 hit combo
Whether or not you're in my business, you have surely heard or read of the decline of the thing called the three-camera sitcom and the rise of reality TV.
First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book- shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.
Have you guessed the riddle yet?' the Hatter said, turning to Alice again.
But I love this cartoon from the New Yorker.
The graph on this slide is adapted from Jacob Neilsen's work on heuristic evaluation and what you see is each black square is a bug that a particular evaluator found.
A tipping point was a single instance in time where, where that long, long equilibrium was gonna be suddenly changed drastically.
Press tab to play or pause the video and press control to skip back 8 seconds.
I don't say oh it looks like a 1997 Ford F150 pickup truck, right?
Because this person is the most secure, the ratings agency, which I'll probably do another whole series of videos on, They might give it, I don't know, a AAA rating.
And the peculiar thing is that I recently wrote this book, this memoir called  Eat, Pray, Love  which, decidedly unlike any of my previous books, went out in the world for some reason, and became this big, mega-sensation, international bestseller thing.
Cassava's something that half a billion people eat.
When I hear the word  valise  I think of could carry around
This doesn't look like bread, it looks like one of those wraps I used to eat at my school's cafeteria...
You'll eat countless gourmet meals.
One geographic concept that could really help you out in a zombie apocalypse is movement.
I am glad that Andersen had his eyes about him.. . and reported it to me immediately.
The big advantage of the hovercraft is it has a footprint pressure of about 33 times less than the human foot.
This - by the way - is why it's uncomfortable to wear your favorite Metallica t-shirt on a sunny day.
It wasn't that there wasn't a market demand for online pet supplies.
Lee Jungwoo, hurrah~
So if we viewed a squared as kind of the independent variable or the x term, so now this kind of has the shape of polynomials that hopefully you're used to factoring a little bit.
Mitzva is from the root 'staff' ('zevet'), not command.
On the personal side, I'm going to keep on freelancing for the time being and will probably showcase a new exhibition in the next 6 months.
And Paul Cohen argues that the West thinks of itself as probably the most cosmopolitan of all cultures.
This leads us to some interesting questions, such as, is this edition of T.S. Eliot's  The Waste Land,  or this tale for pre-teens about the  Adventures of a Troll,  a book or an app?
And a lot of research since then has shown that he was flat out wrong.
The most common of these are those  pacifist-style achievements,  achievements that suggest you try to play the entire game without attacking anybody. But these can also range from vehicular jump challenges in games like GTA to all those awesome achievements they could put in the HD remake of the original Deus Ex.
And I told the author, after they did my interview, that I cheated in that same course.
Compare this *transfiguration scene, * where a ravine protected by a frail wooden barrier separates us from the mountain where the miracle is taking place. Here, variations in the terrain serve this separating function.
And they're very formal portraits of the royal family kind of posing and looking powerful, and that's not what this is.
A dog that had never met capric acid would, perhaps, have no more trouble imagining its smell than we would have trouble imagining a trumpet, say, playing one note higher than we've heard a trumpet play before.
There have been three ways to try to impact the brain: the therapist's couch, pills and the knife.
Now when the mystic part of me jabbers on and on like this, the warrior rolls her eyes.
It's been awhile I don't make vlogs for you, but a lot of people are asking me to come back making the vlogs.
For example, the Milwaukee voucher program.
Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night.
That gallant spirit hath aspir'd the clouds,
Doth make against me, of this direful murder; And here I stand, both to impeach and purge
These teachers call themselves  pick-up artists .
Now when you look at this, this is a complicated map, but you look at this and you think, wow this reminds me of something.
We can say having a virus on Internet is a risk but we don't mind or even being swindled a little amount of money is not the thing that worries us the most.
Last night at 2am I had to go to the head [restroom] and in the time it took me, she made the bed.
Next time you fucking use a birthcontrol pill Thank Emma
Need a moment, try the chocolate caramel and fresh cookie crunch of Twix.
However, you will not see the political establishment or mainstream media expressing this view at all to the public in its day-to-day affairs even though Brzezinski will argue it as though it's common sense.
In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism.
Text  schema handler   I'll use  wsgiref,  which is python standard web application container.
I'll just type,  appcfig update  to deploy my application and then the naming application directory.
This is a film that is the culmination of 22 years of research and discovery and journey in Space and time and consciousness and it's going to be the most significant release of information on the UFO subject and new Energy that has ever occured.
To isolate the effect of placement and identifying and explaining the cause of roll, he needs to isolate that as a variable by saying randomizing the order of search results.
United Fruit  didn't like that very much. And so, they hired a public relations firm, launched a huge campaign in the United States, to convince the United States people, the citizens of the United States, the press of the United States and the congress of the United States, that Árbenz was a soviet puppet and that if we allowed him to stay in power, the Soviets would have a foothold in this hemisphere.
So, it's two profiles in black, or a white vase in the middle.
What bitter blanks in those black-bordered marbles which cover no ashes!
Don't give me that, you snotty-faced heap of parrot droppings.
So they can't hear your intonation or see the tears dripping from your cheeks even though it turns out that this break-up is going to be one of the best things that ever happened to you, so THAT is the challenge that Shakespeare faces, and it's also the challenge that YOU face whenever you write for an audience, whether it's a novel or a pedantic Youtube comment about the accuracy of our Gallifreyan.
To prepare the cocktail, you just need a little bit of fresh thyme, mint, 4 fresh cherries, mash everything with a little bit of honey, and then you complete with champagne and ice on top.
He said,  Dave, I pulled up the X-ray image on the screen on the computer at home.
like the older son? But why is he so anxious to involve us in a picture which was not intended for a church, and was still in his studio when he died?
My observatory is a porch... and has a roof!
Because I could actually use some of that real estate. We are going to take the limit as A approaches infinity. You don't always have to do this, but this is the first time we're dealing with improper intergrals.
I can take a heat pack, like the kind you buy at a pharmacy.
Okay, root kit, this worthy topic.
As if that automatic rifle was presented to your three years old son.
So let's call that, fake data example.
The petal of that flower looks like that, so the ant is kind of crawling over these objects, and if you look a little bit closer at this stigma and the stamen here, this is the style of that flower, and you notice that it's got these little -- these are like little jelly-like things that are what are called spurs.
So, the first class Iíil work with is an ArrayList that requires me to add the System.Collections namespace.
For now, letís make the default sorting method by title.
A wasp top ten, right, sequel injection, cross side scripting, are you vulnerable to any of this stuff, no, okay.
He developed an interesting outsourcing model for sexual services, (Laughter) no longer tied to a single monopoly provider, in many cases, sourcing things locally, and of course, the ability to have between one and three girls delivered at any time led for better load-balancing.
In this lecture we will identify some core analytic features of organizations.
This was the  blitzkrieg , a devastating tactic combining quick movement of troops, tanks and massive use of air power to support infantry movements.
When was a distressing his wife she would say to him you Rabbi Shimon packing a cooler lament and going and tell Rabbi Simeon
The cashiers at your grocery store, the foreman at your plant, the guy tailgating you home on the highway, the telemarketer calling you during dinner, every teacher you've ever had, everyone that's ever woken up beside you, every politician in every country, every actor in every movie, every single person in your family, everyone you love, everyone in this room and you will be dead in a hundred years.
And who is asking me clothes she has style, she does not go to a bazaar Strauss ..
But this one is fairly short-lived. Napoleon says gee, I got these guys on my eastern front.
Orville Wright powered the first airplane across a beach in North Carolina.
The second game was a freestyle chess tournament in 2005, in which man and machine could enter together as partners, rather than adversaries, if they so chose.
And, there's also the self-serve bike service.
And we think it's a given, and toys and lingerie are going to save us with that.
It means soldiers are not needed to patrol our streets.
And she tells them, I matriarch Rachel, and it's raised lots of eyebrows and says Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, a wonderful article he wrote, is the son of Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu zt read his article  I saw you, It's not a mirage