As you can see, the big bug of the year 2000 did not happen, but the citizens of some of our countries were victims of truly terrible natural disasters.
The honourable Member expressed the wish to hold a debate on the subject in the coming days during this period.
Surely you have heard from the press and television reports of the various bombings and murders in Sri Lanka.
The questions which had been answered earlier referred to Mrs Palacio's intervention in a particular dossier and not to those statements in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
There is, by the way, the risk of a military coup in the future.
Since my group is of the opinion that a Parliament is made to listen, to debate and to reflect, we think there is no reason to justify this delay, and we also believe that the Commission is in a position to do so, that we are perfectly in time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and to act responsibly before our citizens and our fellow citizens.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I am really a little stunned by the attitude of Mr Barón Crespo, who now demands that this item on the agenda be included on Wednesday's agenda.
However, we are also of the opinion that there should be a debate on this Commission strategy which follows an orderly procedure, and not only on the basis of an oral statement made here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document which is decided by the Commission and which provides a description of this programme for a period of five years.
However, as Parliament, we are also the Commission's control body and not everything that comes from the Commission has to agree with our opinion.
For this reason we suggest - and I believe the Commission is also open to these considerations - that the debate on the Commission's long-term programme until 2005 be scheduled for February. I hope that the Commission will reach agreement by that date on a programme which it will propose to us, and we suggest that we also hold a debate on the Commission's legislative programme for 2000.
I therefore reiterate the proposal to keep this oral question to the Commission and the Council, so that we can know once and for all the position of those two bodies in relation to this relatively modest proposal, but which would send an important signal to public opinion, especially after the excitement created by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
Not only for me, as an Austrian, but I think that for everyone, the memory of the disaster that took place last year in the Tauern Tunnel, which cost countless lives, will still be very much alive in the memory, and for many months there has been a reconstruction of all that had been destroyed in this tunnel, with incalculable financial expenditure.
I would also like to address one last point: we cannot be content with filling another gap in the safety net and turning a blind eye to the fact that there is still much more to be done on the issue of transport security in Europe.
In this context, I also ask and ask the Commissioner responsible here to present a document on this matter as soon as possible, with a view to ensuring that future traffic in the tunnels is also more secure, so that we never again have to witness a catastrophe of this magnitude in Europe!
The margarine and a few pounds of ink, which in principle presented no risks, caused a real catastrophe.
It is therefore necessary to examine the possibility of further harmonising the requirements to ensure maximum safety.
We also have that institution to demand that the UK Government ensure that the private sector, which is certainly the biggest driver of structural funds, is involved in the programming phase.
In our amendments we have set out the importance for us of creating the necessary synergies between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and Community initiatives, so that their implementation is reflected in an optimized and most profitable way in the progressive elimination of inequalities between regions and the creation of jobs, which are, after all, the two fundamental purposes of the Funds we are talking about.
The operation of the previous set of programmes is also very instructive in that it warns us of what the guidelines should not be.
The application and implementation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal discretion of that administrative officer, whether in the Commission or in public office.
This would ensure that the peripheral countries and the outermost regions of Europe, i.e. their most disadvantaged regions, could function successfully in the new euro area as well as in the expanding internal market, where the free movement of goods, people, services and capital is a reality.
I think we need to be able to say it out loud and well.
In this sense, both Europe as a whole and each individual Member State should make the best use of all its resources and potential, and therefore also of the available Structural Funds.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to convey to you the great interest I have felt in listening carefully to the comments, sometimes criticisms and suggestions, that have just been made in your speeches based on Mrs Schroedter's report.
And I would also like to assure you that when the Commission adopts the guidelines under what we call the interim review, as provided for in the regulation, the position of your House, now expressed in this report, will also be taken into account.
Before concluding, I would like to say to Mr Savary that tomorrow we will have a specific debate on the consequences of the storms that have particularly affected France, Austria and Germany over the past few weeks, while we will again discuss, with my colleague De Palacio, the lessons to be learned from the black tide that has also affected the French coast.
Even the strongest centres continue to grow above the European average, while many areas of southern and northern Europe develop much more slowly.
The transfer of the most advanced technologies and know-how for use by firms in the least developed regions is also of particular importance.
This does not mean that I do not see the need to strengthen competitiveness, especially since I myself am an entrepreneur in a region covered by Objective 1, namely in Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and I know very well the concerns and needs of small and mediumsized enterprises.
When I speak of private enterprise, I do not refer only to the form of ownership of the company but to a state of mind, that is, to the attitude of the person who wants to move forward in his life, whether that person is a worker, an entrepreneur or a public servant.
I do not want to go into detail, Mr Rapporteur, about my opinion on some generous points which your House has already signed.
Mr President, I am responding to an invitation made yesterday by the President of the sitting to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes.
It will be a test of the proper collaboration between the two institutions.
But what are the conditions under which this debate takes place and what conclusions should we draw?
Workers are facing the greatest offensive against their labour and social rights.
I consider useful in this regard the texts of von Eieck and certainly also those of a great Italian liberal, Bruno Leoni, who warned against the risks of an abnormal expansion of anti-competitive policies.
Thirdly, I would like to know whether the Commission has found out what the consequences of its new approach to business strategy will be.
In order for no one to consider this a purely nationalist argument, I must remind you that in the Factortame case, in which the British Government sat on the bench of the defendants, it took ten years for the Court of Justice to deliver its judgment.
In this respect, it must be emphasized that a State aid policy - the Jonckheer report makes this particularly clear - must continue to allow each State the freedom to define and organise its public tasks and ownership relations autonomously.
For example, last year's figures show that the total value of mergers in the European area was EUR 1,418 - seven times the level of merger activity at the height of the last merger boom in 1990.
Forty years later this proposal is once again on the table and will - I am absolutely certain - create room for cartel formation to the detriment of Europe's consumers.
All of this worked quite well, but, as in the famous film Casablanca, the passage of time leads to the need to adapt the law we have been applying to the new circumstances.
I can say that the Commission's report on State aid to the steel industry, as is well known, does not cover individual decisions taken exceptionally under Article 95 of the ECSC Treaty, which fall outside the scope of the steel aid code.
The creation of UCLAF, the establishment of the task force and the establishment of OLAF, as well as the regulation on the protection of the Community's financial interests and on-the-spot checks were important steps.
This stalemate could lead to a loss of credibility for the Union and led Parliament to launch the idea of setting up a European Public Prosecutor's Office.
I should like to make it clear that my group will present an amendment which will remove the detail of how the Commission should deal with this issue.
Mrs Theato has probably forgotten about a European prison, because we know that the FBI, the European police, exists with OLAF.
In my view, illegal State aid is nothing more than a form of State-sponsored social dumping.
It is now clear that to achieve this objective, it will be necessary to create jobs in rural areas that are not only linked to agriculture as traditionally understood - which is important for the protection of the environment and biodiversity - but also in sectors such as rural tourism, sport, culture, the environment, small and medium-sized enterprises and services.
In view of the employment situation in the Community and the European Union's ambition to tackle unemployment decisively, the Commission's analysis of the concentrations should take into account other factors than competition.
It's actually an advantage of the current system.
We voted against this report in the name of the development of public services and in particular in memory of the victims of the Paddington train accident, who were killed not by fatality but by an absurd obstinacy to impose competition in a sector that demanded regulation.
I welcome the quality of the Seventh Report on State aid in the EU, the fact that it is now published annually and the fact that the Directorate-General for Competition publishes general and specific information to the public on its website.
A catastrophe like this, I'm almost certain, could not be seen off the American coast.
But it is time to stop expressing our solidarity and start issuing enforcement notices in order to get rid of these ships of shame for safe seas, otherwise we will be back at the end of the year to debate a new motion for a resolution when another vessel flying the flag of convenience will again pour its crude into the sea.
The western part of the Atlantic pays once again the price of its inability to react, of its tendency to capitulate to multinationals.
I am convinced that within a few months these measures will give rise to a clear and forceful legal instrument - a directive, probably - which will definitely charge these 21st century pirates, who rob us all of the wealth and beauty of the sea.
We have set a value of 180 million dollars; in the United States we are talking about a maximum ceiling of one billion dollars for compensation.
We have to pay attention to this relationship of forces: I do not agree with those who generally say that it is the greenhouse effect that is to blame for the storm, but one thing is pretty much certain: we will have to deal with other disasters if we do not reverse the course quickly.
The EU agency based in Dublin, for example, has shown that physical distance is not currently an obstacle to effective action and contacts.
I therefore ask you what your opinion is about the location of this agency.
If I may make a literary suggestion to the honourable Member, whose concern for the subject I acknowledge, I would advise you to read a book published just before Christmas by the famous journalist Isabel Hilton on the problems of Tibet.
I hope that the approach we are pursuing will demonstrate that it is viable and will reflect at the same time the imperative to give this issue the attention it deserves.
However, this is contrary to the stated will towards the general objectives of decentralised action plans, particularly at the level of local authorities and agricultural regions.
It is also not permissible for a public institution to have copyright on public documents.
If Parliament approves this week the Commission's proposal for discharge from budgetary control, the European Commission should not consider it a blank check.
This will, at most, lead to more bureaucracy, less influence from local democracy and less participation by the population in the choice and implementation of projects.
I sincerely hope that the input we are providing here will help us to see these changes really happening here when the first draft of the Commission's report becomes the official report on 1 March.
The prior authorisation of the financial auditor for each budgetary department shall only be deleted when it is demonstrated that the internal control system of a particular department is fully satisfactory.
The Commission and the Member States should also be encouraged to support projects that can contribute to the establishment of a platform for understanding and partnership between the various peoples of the region.
We cannot be content to remain behind the scenes; we must be the protagonists in the first person, without entering a collision course with the United States, as Minister Gama said.
I hope that the next visit by the President of the European Parliament to the region, as well as by the presidents of their interparliamentary delegations, will mark the beginning of a stage characterized by a greater level of initiative and a more visible presence of the European Union in this complicated and difficult peace process.
The Commission will fulfil its responsibility in Tampere to submit proposals for the adoption of common definitions, incriminations and sanctions in the field of trafficking in human beings and the economic exploitation of migrants and the sexual exploitation of women and children, with particular emphasis on combating the use of new media and, in particular, the Internet for the dissemination of child pornography material.
Over generations, Ireland has sent its sons and daughters to safe places around the world, but now that the Celtic tiger is providing wealth and prosperity that exceeds our expectations, we are revealing a very dark facet of our character.
For our political leaders, it was somehow a shock to find that we now have to receive a share of the refugees who have long since come to the European Union.
Objective: Measures to deal with the continuing ethnic cleansing of Serbs and Romaniches in Kosovo The NATO Defence Ministers' Assembly issued a strong call (2.12.99) for an end to ethnic cleansing of Kosovo's minorities.
He told us that there will be a debate in Lisbon on a more dynamic and competitive development.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must challenge the world's speculative elite, their privileged right to direct the planning of the world economy while staying out of tax systems.
But with Haider and his men, it is the clearly racist, anti-Semitic and xenophobic far right that would be promoted to the rank of co-leader of our Community.
All measures taken should, in our view, have the dual aim of condemning Haider without isolating Austrian society.
This teratogenic effect was demonstrated by a single English laboratory, but possibly the only one that carried out tests.
If we look closely at the decisions of the Helsinki Summit we will see that the agenda agreed there is not satisfactory and does not guarantee the substantial changes that are essential to create a more functional, more effective, more democratic, more transparent Europe.
The lack of participation in the European elections should indeed be a sufficient alarm signal for all.
I would also like to thank the head of the delegation to the Conciliation Committee, Mr Provan, because, as Mr Langen said, there was a hard fight in the Conciliation Committee.
I should like to say, however, that this is, and has always been, a very modest budget, so the funding for this programme is more symbolic than real.
We know that in the Netherlands there are officially authorized treatment facilities which deal with the collection of unused vehicles.
First there was Minister Trittin, the Minister for the Environment, who did not properly consult with his cabinet colleagues, then there was Chancellor Schröder who, like an elephant in a porcelain shop, got involved in the process.
In fact, it is by having the opportunity to demonstrate their true merit by removing as much as possible the barriers to the specific nature of their situation, and not in the context of a conflict where men's privileges will appear to be under attack, that women will demonstrate their interest in facilitating the erosion of their professional careers and will be able to modify balances that are still too unfavorable for them.
I'm glad the auto lobby didn't get the best of it today.
The waterfall of confusion and precipitation unleashed on Austria blends it all in a senseless way, greatly disturbs good-faith citizens and poses risks that have not been considered.
The CSU MEPs have no sympathy for the FPÖ leader, Jörg Haider.
The Commission's communication takes into account the need to follow approaches covering a whole range of economic and social infrastructure measures.
Given that persons with disabilities do not constitute a homogeneous group - for example, many hearing-impaired persons are considered to be a linguistic minority who are denied respect for their own language and culture - it is important, as provided for in paragraph 9 of the motion for a resolution, to ensure that some sectoral development partnerships can be defined as partnerships aimed at a specific discriminated target group.
With this threefold objective in mind, these families, these people, these European citizens will play a more active role in Europe, which I consider important, since, after all, cities will increasingly be the stage of European life.
And above all, and I end with this, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we must be able to express all this in an accessible, clear language, leaving aside the jargon we use, because we cannot ask the Europeans, who are living in times of profound change, to associate with our cause and to feel motivated by our action if we continue to use a completely hermetic language and if we continue to turn our backs on them.
In fact, ensuring peace, democracy and respect for human rights - see, throughout Europe! - was a very high target.
At this moment we are called upon to choose, for the coming decades, between a Europe perhaps less prosperous but a beacon of peace and civilization for the whole planet and a Europe perhaps more opulent but without prophecy.
Instead of cultivating hobbies, we'd like you to do your normal day-to-day work.
Firstly, Mr President of the Commission, I think that if your two predecessors were primarily concerned with developing an internal market and establishing a single currency, it is essentially up to you to develop the whole value of citizenship that is at the heart of European construction.
However, the French delegation of our group cannot accept that the Interreg initiative is, for the Commission and the federalist clan, diverted from its mission in order to further undermine the political role of the nations.
At first we were somewhat undecided, although we regret it, but I have now come to the conclusion that the timing is quite appropriate after all.
From the Commission's somewhat more selfish point of view, I would like the Commission to have a face in the spirit of the citizens, and the men and women who make up it to be able to meet with the citizens as often as possible.
Subject: Implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu dam, Turkey Since Turkey has recently been granted the status of a candidate country, what is the Commission's view on the human rights implications of the construction of the Ilisu dam, given the massive displacement of Kurds and other populations in the region that will result?
The answer is that it is fraudulent or produced by the Swedish people themselves, which, as Mr Andersson knows, is an extremely dangerous and harmful process for health.
Mr Commissioner, can you give us a reason, from a public health point of view, why there is a difference in taxation, for example, of Scotch whisky and Bordeaux wine or of my Bavarian colleague's beer?
There is obviously elasticity in demand, it is a case of price elasticity in relation to demand.
We also want to emphasize that it is imperative, especially in regions with a serious water shortage problem, such as in my country, and especially in the islands, that infrastructure projects for water storage are financed, increasing not the cost but the quantity, mainly by collecting rainwater which is now wasted and which flows into the sea and causes soil erosion and all the problems that arise from it.
It is social rights that should govern economic choices and not the other way around.
We should seize this opportunity to put an end to the last colonial episode in Africa.
It is not surprising that the debate is long and difficult.
Many are familiar with this famous slogan drawn from the conclusions of the 1993 UN World Conference on Human Rights.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it was not necessary to end the Kosovo conflict in order to conclude that, after several wars in the territory of the former Yugoslavia with their numerous negative effects on the stability of the Balkan area, a comprehensive and lasting strategy for the whole region would be needed to ensure peace and stability in southeastern Europe.
Second, the debt or, where appropriate, the public surplus amounts to the denominated balance of need or ability to finance the public administration sector of the SEC 95.
This basic principle of liberalisation, of strengthening competition, of creating more investment opportunities, together with the prudence that consumer protection advocates, was the principle that determined and inspired my group to take a position on most of the controversial issues discussed here.
The Green Group/European Free Alliance, of which I am a member, believes that Commissioner Margot Wallström should commit herself to helping the affected communities, both economically and with environmental technology, in the enormous health effort that needs to be made.
Mr President, I did not want to make a direct reference to the minutes, but to a communication we have on the table today, in particular on the cancellation of the Conference of Presidents open to members on 23 February.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the prospect of liberalizing traditional domestic postal services raises the inevitable question of what the postal services will want to see as their core business in the future, that is, what the postal services themselves will still want to do - what we will want to do together in an international context - and what they will no longer want to do.
In the smallest village there is a post office, and in e-commerce, mail will be much more in demand in the future because many people order goods by e-mail and on websites and even send invoices and so on.
All of them have been available on the Commission's website since August 1999 and the Commission will be pleased to give copies of these studies to all who request them.
As far as this is possible, with all the advice we have and all the design capacity we have, I am sure that we have installed, or will install on the basis of our proposals, a system that guarantees the Union, its taxpayers and this House total security.
Finally, Mr Javier Solana, I would like to ask you why we have such a busy policy planning and early warning unit in the Council Secretariat if we are to be caught off guard by another humanitarian catastrophe.
We will set up a crisis centre at Commission level as an operational interface with the centre which deals with these types of situations in the High Representative's policy unit.
The up-to-date figures on the scale of the catastrophe are frightening, as the Commissioner has already pointed out: about a million people have been displaced, more than a hundred thousand people on the roofs of houses or on the tops of trees waiting for some helicopter to rescue them.
I would also like to congratulate Mr Hudghton on his report and endorse the amendments he made to the original proposal on the issue of compensation and incentives for the production of a vaccine.
Before we rush to copy the slaughter policy of the Norwegians, we should try other measures to see if we can mitigate the disaster.
The epilogue of all this will undoubtedly be the urgent adoption of measures to mitigate the damage done and to prevent its recurrence in the future.
Thanks to the mobilisation on the ground, which our House followed up with the organization of a debate and the adoption of a resolution on 20 January, a first batch of measures was announced.
The use of benchmarking and best practice methods recommended by the Commission requires, in turn, greater openness at European level in areas which are not business secrets.
The growth in the media, mobile phones and software has not been able to compensate for the loss of jobs in the telecommunications and electronics industries, nor for the effects of the rationalization of information technologies in other economic sectors.
First, they will examine how best to equip the European Union so that it can cope with the wider effects of globalization of trade.
During a very recent stop operation in the eastern part of Finland, police and technical inspection authorities inspected sixty-two heavy vehicles.
All right, everybody send your chocolate tablet home.
In fact, when certain communications and espionage systems are condemned, we must safeguard the rights of the citizen in the face of the newly developing European institutions, the rights of the citizen through parliamentary control, but also the rights of the consumer in the face of the new techniques of internet marketing.
The moral of this story is clear: in order to compete in the global market, organic products must be at least as efficient as alternative products, because only then can they go beyond the niche they already occupy and penetrate the global market.
In July 1995, Strasbourg was sighing under the summer smog.
The fight against acidification, eutrophication and smog formation requires a reduction in emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, ammonia and volatile organic compounds.
We should express our gratitude to the Estonians and Latvians for having managed to maintain the necessary calm despite everything and for being receptive to our arguments in adapting their legislation to European standards.
It is up to politicians to ensure that Europe has this high-income infrastructure that enables the supply and demand for high-quality communications services, from the telephone to the television to the personal computer.
The problem of possibly codifying the situation of juvenile offenders can be dealt with later in one of the many reports this Parliament can produce.
There are, however, two faces in this political novel of war and suffering, and I think we should try to better understand the causes of the conflict between Russia and Chechnya so that in the future we can help to end the bloodshed more quickly.
What is strange is that in the European Union we still have little idea that we also have this means and that we really should also refuse entry to the Serbian football hooligans, who are people who also take the most horrible advantage of the Milosevic regime.
But on the other hand, contrary to the Haarder report, which we are voting on this morning, the report in question is radically demagogic and lacks legal rigor.
We should not start the legislative process under the slogan of suspension, but rather under the slogan of adaptation to the new rules, agreed jointly.
We want to show them that it is not necessary to die in a confrontation that runs through the entire budgetary process, as in the tragedy that took place last year.
We're out of oil, so we can't take it.
In fact, there is a phenomenon of habituation - dare I say it - in the consumer who, once present on television, on hotel channels - even here in Strasbourg or in Brussels - in all the magazines, in the windows of the kiosks, of pornographic incitement, is necessarily led, sooner or later, to seek, as with drugs, ever stronger sensations.
And in political terms, they should think about the significance of offering the Council even more of this bomb.
Unfortunately , there are an excessive number of champagne delegations .
Otherwise, Internet users who inadvertently navigate a child pornography website could also be subject to criminal penalties.
It's like putting a fake label on a product, since the label doesn't match the content.
The first impression is that at the level of the media there is a kind of euphoria about the European Union in Turkey.
There are some colleagues who shout at the microphone - although the microphone is exactly what prevents this from happening - and at that point you hear almost nothing from the headphones.
A domino without principles.
The strategy implicit in pension funds is essentially aimed at draining savings into financial markets.
On the other hand, citizens should enjoy the same degree of trust and protection in transactions, both online and offline.
In all this, the use of e-commerce, the Internet and new technologies must be a good platform for action.
The risk of an a la carte Europe is that the basic idea of European cooperation will be emptied of content.
The right way is not to ban, but to create incentives, to create supports, when airlines, for their part, put at their disposal modern fleets that consume less kerosene and produce less noise pollution by reducing emissions.
This new and grand, when Africa and the European countries meet on a new and shared plan and look ahead, rather than being stuck in the colonial period, presupposes a democratic and reconciled South Africa.
Objective: Precarious employment and job loss in Spain and the region of Murcia The Lisbon Summit made a commitment to full employment and the quality of employment in the EU.
Of course, this synthetic euro included currencies such as the Italian lira, but the logic is the same if applied in isolation to the powerful German mark.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the launch of the first artificial satellite by the Soviet Union in 1957 marked the beginning of space research and at the same time the beginning of a new era for humanity.
I have just learned that a delegation from the Municipal Assembly of Munich, capital of the federal state of Bavaria, is in the gallery.
The pose is easy.
We cannot say exactly what the situation is at the moment, since a total media blackout is in place as part of a set of restrictive laws passed in May.
However, in the case of the white rhinoceros, now included for the first time, the 24-millimeter length of the shell seems a bit excessive and could cause problems for fishermen.
The firm in question has transported thousands of visitors here in the last ten years.
We've seen their pain and we've seen that terrorists don't just naturally target people who kill, they end up killing their entire environment as well.
Or in cases where the words were accompanied by acts, such as when a stone was thrown and an acid spray was used against the President of the United States.
The expressions used, such as light, ultra light, low tar content, etc., are incorrect.
And if we compare the impositions we face in the case of mad cow disease, how can we imagine that nothing is done about the 500 000 annual smoking deaths in Europe?
The current basic Regulation provides that all companies are required to provide information for statistics on the classification of goods and to use the combined nomenclature, which comprises more than 10 500 subdivisions.
In this regard, it makes perfect sense for the European Parliament to take a position, since it has always declared itself to be the champion of democracy in Latin America and elsewhere.
At the beginning of the 1990s, a major scandal broke out in Italy when criteria from the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Health were released that concealed the true data on overdose deaths: of course, it is more convenient for politicians to say that a young person died in the street from a heart attack than to acknowledge that he died from an overdose and therefore also as a result of the policies applied.
This dramatic disappearance of men and women who, like the two young Guineans who died last summer in the train landing on a European plane, put all their hope in Europe, cannot help but arouse the most intense emotion.
The proposed extension of the directive to a new range of businesses and professions seems both dangerous and embarrassing: dangerous because it can threaten the privileged relationship between lawyer and client, which is essential for ensuring access to justice in civil society; and embarrassing because, in theory, this directive could now reach the jewellery industry in our area.
In particular, the Political and Security Committee, which will replace the Political Committee, should gradually become the masterpiece of the CFSP, with the support of Mr Solana.
From here on, union, according to the old adage that union makes strength, is the only way to preserve, in the future, these cultures, these identities, in the face of the multipolar world that is developing today and that we see everywhere.
Fourteen Kurds were suffocated in the basements of a ferry that caught fire in Patras.
On the other hand, non-Community countries have seen their movements trapped in the Schengen scheme and the mirage of zero immigration.
Now, when I hear your speech, I have the impression that I have been invited, not to a session of Parliament, but to a chic and well-rounded colloquium.
It looks more like a revival of the 2000 budgetary process.
This means that the Commission spends the money of European taxpayers to manipulate the population.
According to multiple and agreed sources, it is undeniable that this planetary wiretapping of all telephone signals has already had considerable economic and commercial effects, to the detriment of European companies such as Alcatel and Airbus, which have lost large markets to the American multinationals, beneficiaries of insider information obtained fraudulently and criminally.
It is only by euphemism that we would dare to designate as a safe harbor the stronghold of the immune monopolies whose very rapid formation, expansion and unlimited action is facilitated in the pure imperialism of cyberspace that is being announced.
Only people who have no ideas never change their minds, so it would be bizarre for the Commission to have no room for manoeuvre.
This is not the order of the heads of the COREPER programme, who have nothing to say because they would have to say that they agree with Parliament's sensible proposals.
The Oil for Food programme predicts that all imported goods will have to go through the scrutiny of the exemption committee; contracts worth millions of dollars are blocked for years for fear of double use: medicines, spare parts, sanitary equipment and graphite pencils cannot go through.
The mode of transport we are talking about here, short sea shipping - short sea shipping - has a reputation for being a mode of transport that can - in more than one respect - offer a solution to the problems facing the transport sector, such as the occupation of vital space and pollution of the environment.
The training should be able to be delivered as a complementary training, for example, or on the job training.
The action plan in favour of Albania, to which you refer, is an action plan for Albania and the neighbouring region of the High Level Working Party on Asylum and Migration, adopted by the General Affairs Council on 13 and 14 June.
Nor was it by chance that the same Tony Blair proposed the free distribution of the set top box, anticipating a double advantage: on the one hand, for the economy, and, on the other, for the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
The digital revolution will clearly open up new ways of exploiting audiovisual works: on-demand video on the Internet, for example.
We don't have to be the first to pull the gun.
The triggered mechanism allows for a progressive list of priority substances to be published every four years, namely the priority substances whose quantity will have to be reduced and the dangerous priority substances which will have to be eliminated.
In my view, trying to safeguard the environment by simply stopping the growth of the aviation sector and the airline industry is not a valid option that we can consider.
To proceed otherwise would mean a waste of resources, because the development of a new tyre model takes, on average, three to four years.
The introduction of the doping safe logo and an indication on all pharmaceutical products would be a good measure, and a more active prevention policy would also be a positive factor.
I remember your time as a great sprinter and my satisfaction that there was someone from a European country who could break American dominance.
In order to accelerate dismantling operations, the European Union is supporting the design, construction and licensing of a tank for the transport and storage of spent and damaged fuel, derived from the operation of submarines and nuclear icebreakers and currently stored in primitive conditions.
To all this is now added a massacre in the rural community of La Unión, the third in three years.
There was a lot of attention paid to the hardware but little to this software called training.
And this puzzle goes through the revision of the Dublin Convention, through the decision we have just today to propose a directive on minimum standards for the common asylum procedure, and also, including, the technical preparation work for the Eurodac system, which has not stopped, which continues and which, of course, can only be implemented when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
We were forced to move forward with it, and there is no better example of this than the debate we had about the so-called targeted website, which is a contradiction in terms, since the Net is a point-to-point indicator for the network, and to argue that a website can be targeted to one and not to another is proof of linguistic lightness, commercial absurdity and technological illiteracy.
I would also ask the Council and the Commission to consider in their work whether it would be sensible to consider this charge-back mechanism, which the Palace Commissioner included again in her proposal to amend this report.
Mr Moscovici, it is indeed a bit grotesque that the Heads of State or Government want to define the rights of defence against the State.
The results of the negotiations have so far been disappointing and negative: as far as we know, there is not yet a single point of the 75 unanimous votes on which there is a full agreement, and for the first time in Italy a survey conducted a few days ago indicates that one of the most important regions, the Northeast, is diminishing consensus on Europe.
Let us all applaud Romania for the Olympic gold, silver and bronze medals it has won in the last two weeks.
It is very important, then, that this is not a flag of convenience, but that all the measures prescribed by the acquis are in fact applied, so that security is written in large letters.
Subject: Condemned to death by stoning Maryam Ayubi for adultery Is the Commission aware that in July last year Maryam Ayubi, aged 30, was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery under the Islamic Sharia-based Iranian Penal Code?
This is certainly the case with a proposal which aims to put an end to discrimination on grounds of sex in this directive and which provides for the use of a tie exclusively for male employees.
I know that to go from a military posture to a maintenance posture, it takes a force capable not so much of triggering the violence of its weapons to achieve a goal but of controlling that violence.
Mr President, we cannot talk today about Croatia without associating it with its neighbouring country, Serbia, where the population is finally freeing itself from the authoritarian clique that rules it.
On the other hand, there is a risk that enhanced cooperation will disintegrate Europe's unity in another direction, leading us to a mosaic of intergovernmental cooperation.
If we want to improve -- and that's our purpose for performance -- then we naturally need these places.
In other words, at the table of the European House some could choose by letter, but others would have to stick to the economic menu.
In particular, we are thinking of sending fuel to that country for diesel engines and for heating, not only to keep the plants running, but also to power the urban heating plants.
Mr President, Commissioner, I congratulate you on the debate on climate change in Europe and in the world, which gives us an opportunity to recall the real cyclone that has swept much of Europe.
Finally, as regards international cooperation and the exchange of information, the Commission is organising a workshop on endocrine disruptors to take place in the first half of 2001 and to be sponsored, inter alia, by the World Health Organization.
The objective should be a single payment area, where cross-border payments should be subject to the same conditions and costs for internal transfers.
In Berlin, the Albanians were almost swept off the table, they were not considered, and in the 20th century they suffered a lot under one of the most terrible ideologies of the 20th century, that is, under socialism and communism in a particularly brutal version.
Mr President, I raise my voice very loudly to denounce the injustice we have just heard, an injustice, as we have also heard, which has been going on for 12 years.
I can say, however, that the final balance was undoubtedly a great show on the part of the Council, but that the amendments we proposed and which this House approved by a large majority were not, in their essence, accepted.
Without neglecting the fisheries, my lady, I take the view that we, the three interveners, will work together to ensure a positive development in the future.
At a time when the institutional debate is committed to the adoption of the Charter, all those who, like me, aspire to a European Constitution and believe that the Charter can serve as a framework for the preamble to that Constitution should demand that the European Parliament vote on its content as part of its normal parliamentary intervention, that is, its deliberation on the substance.
Two concrete proposals were also adopted, namely the Round Table on Globalization and the Duo Fellowship programme, 4300 fellowships, for the sum of US$25 million.
A good example of this behaviour is the attitude that EU Member States continue to have towards immigrants from these and other countries, creating in many of them a sense of insecurity and the threat of expulsion, not granting them the same rights as other workers, and maintaining a ghetto of second-class citizens, victims of modern slavery.
It seems to me essential to have a European-level think tank composed of representatives of NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament, who would participate in an annual round table.
The documents now released are no less than a smoking gun.
I can assure my Irish colleagues that the proposal on the vineyard is being made with full knowledge of the Euro vineyard directive and that it is likely to go in the direction of guidelines similar to those already in force in many of the current Member States of the European Union, as Commissioner Vitorino explained.
The experience we have had and still have today, particularly in the Balkans, shows that Europeans - thanks to their historical experience, rich in conflicts, their understanding of subtleties and sometimes of rural areas and clashes between communities - can develop a know-how and valid and respectable methods of dealing with conflicts.
Commissioner, we have a directive on the end of live vehicles.
In this regard, history teaches us that it is dangerous to regard the goal to be attained - however noble and virtuous it may be - above the established rules.
And my question is why don't those people choose Marseilles or choose God save the Queen as a melodious anthem of hope in something new, and turn back to a regime that many colleagues called inhuman, criminal, etc...
For a living artist, who sees his quotation consolidate and thus his production revalue, what matters is the buyer's dynamics and his sales potential.
We must remain as firm in our position in favour of a culture as Americans are in their protectionist system for sugar, tobacco, peanuts and dairy products.
Will they perhaps consider deleting their respective websites or pursuing their users, who will continue to download files from offshore sites?
In my opinion, reading the morning paper on the coffee shop floor is totally different from reading it on the computer screen in the office.
In contrast, the privateers, to use a pejorative but realistic term, are in an advantageous position in this competitive world.
I should like to add that I contacted the Commission in August to ask for clarification on a specific comment on the report which stated that in August there would be some feedback from SMEs in the form of their response to the report.
As the Union as a whole is a global fishing power and one of the largest markets for fishery products, it is important that it claims and assumes a role corresponding to its importance in the framework of international organisations and specifically regional fisheries organisations.
A sound, multiannual plan for the recovery of cod including technical and realistic conservation measures, a defence period for cod breeding areas and the dismantling of the largest and newest fishing vessels would certainly be more sensible than a plan allowing for the continuation of industrial fishing in very limited areas and potentially leading to the bankruptcy of half of the Scottish fleet.
Among the many missing persons are former Interior Minister Youri Zaherenko, former Deputy Speaker of Parliament Victor Gonchar, and Russian filmmaker Dmitri Zavadski.
A car in a garage poses no risk; when used improperly, it's like a gun.
We wait for the so-called ketchup effect .
How can a one and a half year delay in adjusting and adapting the Annexes be justified when there is a possibility of a scientific committee alerting the Commission to introduce, for example, a new hormone on the list set out in the Annexes?
It is clear from this point of view that the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is primarily concerned with creating favourable conditions for investment by the bourgeoisie of the imperialist powers.
I propose that instead of speaking very generically, as you have done so far, you put forward a concrete proposal in this context of reflection for the debate, in which the Commission, on the basis of the work carried out by the University Institute of Florence, proposes simplified, simple and understandable treaties which will prevent President Havel from having this bag of treaties, protocols and annexes in his cabinet.
The directive is also negative for the consumer, as it does not preclude the consumer from paying twice, the first time when buying a CD or a DVD, the second time by way of a fee.
I am reading the English text and after the phrase their own past archive productions produced or commissioned the following should be added: no later than December 1996; continuing with: by them under their own editorial control .
It took a lot of work to get to this point, and so I should like first of all to thank Neil Kinnock and his staff for their hard work in preparing these documents.
In this regard, do you consider appropriate the altruistic and responsible attitude which the new Fine Gael leader in my own country took in reducing his Ard Fheis to a Dublin conference in order to ensure that Ireland is not greatly affected by this problem?
But talking about tuna in the North Atlantic necessarily implies taking into account what is happening in other regions as well, for example, in the Azores autonomous region, where we have just registered in 2000 the second year of a virtually zero tuna harvest.
This morning, Commissioner Patten gave us a clue as to how we should proceed, and I ask the Council of Ministers whether the imposition of the embargo is really essential to achieve the objective - which my political group fully supports - of preventing Iraq from acquiring weapons of mass destruction.
It is not in vain that the interlocutor we have today is the fourth group in the world ranking in these subjects and also has a very significant growth potential.
Structural aid to the rural world, for example, is covered by the green box and should not continue to be the subject of disputed negotiations within the WTO.
Regarding his commentary on teachers and students, there was a very famous man from the Neapolitan theatre - he was Neapolitan but also Italian and European - who said that exams never end.
I do not know whether it is possible, as the honourable Member proposes, to extend this initiative by also opening a chat room.
Even if someone is willing to pay for such a device - it is not a large sum, but roughly the price of a PC - in practice this is not possible.
Personally, I do not think that with Amendment No 7, which proposes that we have an absolutely universal system of microchips in accordance with the ISO standard, we can expect all animals equipped with a microchip to have this universal variety in the early stages.
The following method must be bottom-up: in other words, political decisions must be made somewhere, but they must be implemented not from the top down, but on the ground.
The labelling of precautionary warnings - going as far as comparative indications, for example, that a glass of brandy equals three glasses of beer, as I understood from Mrs Stihler's amendment - is of little use to me.
Mr President, I recall that at a very early stage, even before the action plan was on the table, we had a conversation with the Commissioner in which we said that the Sixth Action Programme should be a short document - like a pamphlet - with clear priorities and objectives.
But in my opinion, all of this can be expressed in a much more objective, more specific and precise way.
We also want the Commission, in cooperation with the automotive industry, to investigate ways of designing safer and easier-to-use airbag systems.
In the present case, it was a question of whether we could provide adequate support in a legal proceeding between Pernod/Ricard and Bacardi, a mainly Cuban-European holding company and a mainly American-European company respectively.
The issue of silicone gel breast implants is a sensitive one and, as many speakers have said, this debate has been needed for a long time.
The 1996 Convention on the Compensation of Damage from the Carriage of Hazardous and Noxious Substances by Sea and the 2000 Convention, the so-called Bunker Convention, on Civil Liability for Damage from Pollution by Hydrocarbons Carried in Basements are not applied nor even ratified.
There is, therefore, a missing link between the government agreement and the rebel agreement.
In 1998, the breakdown of a dam in a Spanish mine had very serious ecological consequences.
But the question is this: even when the results of this importance are reached, the major international summits cannot communicate with the movements known as Seattle and, above all, cannot meet this deepest, most widespread and most tacit security demand among citizens, the bottom of an iceberg whose tip is represented by the varied world of protests.
It is precisely now, at the most decisive moment in the final sprint, when enthusiasm and unity of objectives would be needed, that the Poles, like many others, begin to reflect, think and question whether the sacrifices required, the so-called costs of membership, will not outweigh the advantages, the possible and future gains.
Subject: Violation of competition rules in the sale of DVDs The DVD market is divided into two distinct zones, one for Europe, the other for the United States and Japan which makes it impossible for European consumers to buy DVDs from areas other than their own where they are recorded, the prices are lower and the distribution is faster.
The British Conservatives voted in favour of the Watson report to send the message that we will fight terrorism without quarters and, in particular, to show solidarity with our colleagues involved in the current fight against terrorists, particularly ETA.
I am convinced that if cooperation between the police had been implemented effectively and respecting individual rights, if free movement had been a real right, a priority at the same level as freedom of movement of capital, if the Charter of Fundamental Rights had entered the DNA of all of us, the worst events in Genoa might not have happened.
I think that we should not cling to an outdated position and at the same time deprive ourselves of freedom of choice without any added value, because a European opt-in solution does not eliminate spam (e-mail for direct marketing purposes not requested by the subscriber) because much of it comes from sources outside the EU.
We are now facing a growing phenomenon called data streaming - breaking into computer systems and stealing large amounts of credit card details.
Finally, we must not forget that the Internet is becoming mobile, and SMS is an example of this.
We know that 11 per cent of electricity consumption - between 10 and 15 per cent in other countries - if we take into account the budgets of the private and public sectors - contributes to the fact that power stations are operating completely unnecessarily, because there would be other possibilities besides standby.
Secondly, because a revision of the Stability Pact would be a sign that we intend to lighten this burden on the shoulders of future generations, which does not contribute to increasing confidence; and thirdly, because if we loosen the fiscal policy that the Stability Pact implements we will prevent interest rates from falling, which is what the Americans are doing.
Mr President, any family living in an adobe hut in rural Africa without access to clean water, electricity, a hospital or a community centre is absolutely devastated to learn that one of their loved ones suffers from one of the following three diseases: HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis or malaria.
It has already been observed that an average jogger exceeds the threshold seven to eight times and that even walking down a street can violate these rules.
I have an excellent option: I have a filter and I have a delete key .
We have highlighted some very precise messages, which the Commission will take into account, since we have the same objectives and there is a harmonious alliance between Parliament and the Commission.
It seems to me that in this House, in the area reserved for spectators, there has been a clamor to support Mr Schulz, although in this House, as in all parliaments, the public is forbidden to applaud and speak in support of this or that thesis.
Mr Wiersma suggested that this was a favourite hobby of the Dutch.
The rough cartoon published in Zimbabwe's state-run newspaper The Herald highlights this sinister message by drawing a true caricature of Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change, Mugabe's major opponent in next year's presidential election, portraying him as a mere flatterer of wealthy white farmers and Western powers in his own country.
Europe must continue to be a shining, multifaceted diamond with its own diversity and identity, because only then can the European diamond shine in the sky of Europe.
In this century, every shot the Americans shoot, as the poet Emerson says, will ring around the world, and if we cannot appeal to a broader concept of American interest and nurture it, we risk the threat of a new military millennium.
A way that will contrast with the past, when Mr Rothley worked alone and efforts were made only to reach an agreement that would eventually bring some credit to a presidency.
Mr President, as a member of the Committee on Budgets, I would like to stress the fact that Europe must not only be a payer, but also, above all, a player.
If it wasn't for the Americans, we wouldn't even have the little pipeline that goes through Azerbaijan and Georgia.
They intend that after the next 1 April old, extremely noisy planes equipped with a soundproofing kit should be allowed into Europe.
Mr President, on a point of order, before taking the floor, Mrs Emilia Franziska Müller wanted to state that the fact that the monitor with the list of speakers' names had failed may explain the possible lack of participation in the debate.
Mr President, when we saw on television on 9 November 1989 a crowd inebriated by democracy throwing themselves over the Berlin Wall, we felt the heart of history beating.
The European Parliament's resolution is a tribute to anti-people policy and for this reason the MEPs of the PCG voted against it.
Without the promotion of a credible European defence, Europe is still a slimy sled dog who is allowed to jump alongside the American bulldog.
The best example of this is perhaps the case of the Eurofighter, an aircraft which has become operational after years of delay, which has exceeded its planned budget by billions of euros and is in fact obsolete.
Mr President, we are now looking at a completely different subject, which forces us to adapt our minds to the new issue.
The system of exclusive limited powers has become an unlimited self-service establishment for European policy, and with the Lamassoure report we want to radically change this unsustainable situation - the motto is to order, systematize and make it understandable.
The Danish shipyards are already being laid off because they cannot compete with the massive state support in South Korea.
In my view, it is not right to move away from the basic argument for and against the prohibition of marketing to a much more esoteric and intricate debate on WTO legislation.
As far as fisheries are concerned, the proposal concerns fresh and chilled fish of certain species, such as goldfish, owlfish and baleen fish, but also smoked fish and salmonids.
Since child labour is neither a hobby nor a game, I hope that both FIFA and the industry will be the first to make football a truly fair game for everyone.
It seems then that this debate on biofuels has somehow put the ball forward in the sense that it is more of an agricultural problem and that it would have been more sensible to start by waiting for the evaluation of the Agenda 2000 to be completed, that is, for the midterm review to be given the final say, so that we can know in what direction we are actually guiding biofuels policy.
I was a sailor and this evening I saw him in a dream, together with his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, steering a sailing yacht in a stormy sea.
President Bush sometimes likes to play the role of a cowboy on the international stage, but he risks turning his own peacekeepers into outlaws.
The recent attacks, as well as the recent discovery of a chemical laboratory to produce explosives and lethal substances and the existence of a tribal-influenced zone between Afghanistan and Pakistan are other signs of a dangerous situation.
This political ploy is both anti-democratic and repressive.
He wants, as they say in his column, blockbusters that make over $1 billion a year.
Mr President, the report by Mr Cederschiöld, which we have just voted on, concerns a Council framework decision to defend ourselves against hacker attacks on information systems.
In short, I believe that Parliament has contributed to improving the proposal for a framework decision aimed at responding to cybercrime by seeking to approximate the criminal provisions of the Member States in order to ensure the total criminalization of attacks on information systems and by promoting police and judicial cooperation in this sensitive area.
Other ministers criticized dynamic modulation insofar as it actually implies a real and progressive reduction in support and because the model, excluding franchising and capping, does not sufficiently take into account existing regional differences.
The Commission is aware of the current debate on the possible repercussions of the use of low frequency active sonar on some cetacean species.
The problem is, the decision to bomb Iraq, turning it into a morgue that doesn't even serve the dead, was made a long time ago in the Potomac.
Please allow us to link these two matters!
We also know that a drone capable of spreading biological and chemical weapons has been discovered and that cluster bombs have also been discovered.
In this Community salad, we can find a new task force on equal footing in favour of employment and a vote in favour of broad, more concise economic policy guidelines and recommendations on economic reforms, which should be accompanied by specific deadlines.
I think this is not the best time to transfer American kitsch to the European Union and to make ourselves even more ridiculous than we have been about the Iraq issue.
Now is the time to show that the Sakharov Prize is not a scholarly, friendly award, not a glamorous moment like the Hollywood Oscars, but represents a commitment of the European Union, through its Parliament, to the cause of democracy, human rights, freedom worldwide.
The camera was zooming in on the different parts of the women's bodies.
He proposes that we have an economic czar to deal with the eurozone's relations with the world around us.
That's the front of complexity.
With outstanding themes - for which an evolutionary clause, the rendezvous clause, is pointed out - it makes sense to look for solutions that allow us to get out of the problems we have.
The supply of Cardhu's single malt has decreased.
This anti-globalization slogan could serve as an epigraph to our debate.
I'm sure you'll remember the lobby and the debate about plant cups, CD packaging, grill boxes and makeup containers.
I often compare the process of European construction to the epic of discoveries, about which a great 16th-century Portuguese poet, Camões, said that we traveled by seas never before sailed.
Parliament also called for the immediate replacement of the current pull system by a push system and for the negotiation of an international agreement providing for real guarantees for European citizens and the same legal protection that is granted to American citizens.
There are various applications of HFC, from air conditioning systems to tennis shoes soles to artificial aerosol snow, for example, which the press made a bit of a joke about at Christmas.
As far as the term "javali" is concerned, there is a problem which, I admit, is linked to the Spanish parliamentary culture.
The question therefore arises on an institutional basis: are we an independent political entity or are we a tractor tractor trapped in the American truck?
At a time when the generosity of people throughout Europe and the rest of the world towards the victims of the tsunami disaster is evident to all, it is inexplicable that this Parliament is allocating a considerable sum to a programme of events and receptions in support of the European Constitution.
Just as it was right to set up the minimum wage to combat the problem of poverty wages, now is the time to put an end to excessive hours of work, which are a form of violence and exploitation of workers, increase stress and other health problems and are detrimental to family life.
They attacked me; they called me a hooligan; they told me that I had behaved with a football club supporter.
I hope it wasn't the Scottish accent that came up.
According to the world 's largest security software company , the world faces a threat of unprecedented proportions stemming from new viruses coming from third-generation mobile phones and increasingly sophisticated spyware software being installed on personal computers .
The flu virus is an RNA virus and contains eight genes.
This means that there is an urgent need to modify the vaccine production process, and it is also clear that we could work substantially faster with cell cultures such as the mononuclear phagocyte system (MPS - ).
Only a European Union with a single foreign policy, which makes full use of its own capabilities, which follows the same pattern and has made structural fragmentation a thing of the past, will achieve this goal.
In the last few days, unfortunately, there have been statements by the Basque nationalist government and the Spanish socialist government aimed at extending the red carpet to these terrorists so that they can parade through it without any problem at their next congress.
Mr President-in-Office, it is noted that Mr Exa draws very well and is an excellent mountaineer.
We are deeply shocked that the next World Cup is being prepared ignoring not only the construction but also the commercial promotion of a venue that some even dare to proclaim to be the world's largest brothel.
It is quite certain that Europe's linguistic uniformity, which includes English as a popular phonetic soup, will be met with a multilingualism that the European Parliament would do well to practice itself.
In view of the multitude of threats that regularly affect these regions, from tidal waves to volcanic eruptions, earthquakes and cyclones, and now the reactivation of mosquito-borne viral risks, such as chikungunya in Réunion and dengue in Guyana, overseas populations expect an adequate response from Europe in terms of safety, prevention and solidarity.
In good Portuguese, another example of how the one with the fingernails is the one who plays the guitar, or how the different number of deputies from each country, with the predominance of the countries of Central and Northern Europe, is decisive in this federalist parliament to challenge the interests of the countries of the Mediterranean, where more than 90% of forest fires are recorded.
It was just as legitimate to condemn the initial capture of Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah, and then, above all, its grave decision to retaliate against the bombing of Lebanese cities by sending missiles over Israeli cities, thus committing crimes against the civilian population, as it was surprising and revolting the green signal given for long days to Israel to continue this terrible war.
Moreover, economists estimate that the price of a gallon of oil, which currently stands at three dollars, would need to remain at ten dollars to integrate the cost of sanitation and climate change.
It would also refer to information and communication technologies that use optical and spin states and allow additional information compression to be handled with blue lasers and biotechnology, including research into DNA and bioinformatics systems.
(EL) Mr President, the recent decision of the Council of Ministers on the imposition of anti-dumping duties leads me to make two crucial comments.
I have another question: does the Council not agree that we are apparently creating more and more agencies as if they were confetti sprinkled on the Member States, so that each State has an agency instead of only having one when it is really needed - not so much this one, perhaps, but many of the other agencies that have been created?
I shall then reply to the honourable Members Heide Rühle and Evelyne Gebhardt on the problem of PPPs and the concept of in house, or internal.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October 2006, which mentions the closure of an Internet blog by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual.
It seems to me that this is not a matter of Parliament coming up with a hat in the hand, raising support.
This has a lot to do with the fact that, in parallel with the process referred to by Mr Farage, there is another process under way, which is outsourcing or procuring services from external suppliers, which prevents the creation in our various countries of the social basis on which a correct social model for a strong Europe can be built.
Subject: Duty-free sales under the new rules on air safety
As far as this point is concerned, why have we not yet considered the possibility of building a major transit airport in the Pacific, a regional hub?
When people are exhausted after a long day's work, it's easier for them to resort to fast food than to the effort of cooking. They want to drop on the couch in front of the television, eat fries and drink a soda; and their children imitate their behavior.
Companies should be able to win public tenders even if they do not have an environmentally sound vase of flowers in front of the factory gate and even if the menu of the canteen does not include alternative dishes.
There is also the question of VAT, with the intra-Community fraud that enables the single market, with tax dumping and our Baltic friends who take advantage of their flat tax, their tax plan to gain an advantage.
PRESIDENT. - The next item is the report (Doc.
In view of all these changes, the layout of the report may not be exceptional, but I hope that the message is clear: Parliament wants concrete measures, not delays.
We often read about cases of violence against men and women because of their sexual tendencies, or we witness fallen arms to increasingly common episodes of severe bullying in schools, which may even lead young people to commit suicide, as recently happened in Italy.
But it is clear that once these requirements are met, the new scheme will allow manufacturers of those parts, in particular tuning and not only tuning, access to the single market with a single certification.
We all hope that there will be more debt forgiveness, and I more than anyone else, and you are right to say that it is only one shot and that countries, if they want to honour their commitments, will necessarily have to increase, in real and absolute terms, the amounts they spend on their development aid policies in the coming years.
Madam President, to tell you the truth, it seems that this afternoon we actually have a number of sitting generals in the House!
Another aspect that perhaps interests some people even more, without fungicides and herbicides to protect and cure grassland diseases, many golf and bowling fields will become infested with weeds and will no longer be usable.
The C-SIS has also undergone a major upgrade with the full commitment of the French Republic, which I would like to thank.
We have just introduced the euro as an internal fitness programme for the internal market and we already have the Lisbon Strategy, despite all the reservations and problems that may accompany it, as a fitness programme to prepare us for global competition.
I would also like an interim check-up on the roadmap for equality between men and women, which contains many beautiful words, but so far no regulations on the horizon.
So we want to connect the wires at 1 and 3.
But instead of trying to calculate when the data gives us enough evidence to conclude that the engines actually meet the emission requirements, and all the hypothesis testing, I think I could use the same data that we used in the last video to now come up with a 95% confidence intervention.
So if you randomly take a T value from this T distribution, that has a 95% chance of being within this distance of the mean.
After all, not only were they from the Sacajawea tribe as their leader, leader Cameahwait was their own brother.
And I can assure you that 99% of the kids in the classes eat meat, dairy, or eggs.
Either you're seeing an animal or you're seeing food.
You don't need a business expert to come to this conclusion.
What's the number one cause of food allergy among babies and children?
And I guarantee you, what people will tell you when you say you put diesel in your car.
When the trailer arrives, the herds of cows will roll.
People, if you want more information, you can email me at james@arff.org you can visit our website to get all this information at www.arff.org
You can give them more control over the price, which is what Radiohead did with the online release of their album pay-as-you-go.
When Microsoft Kinect came out, the motion-controlled add-on on its Xbox game console, immediately caught the attention of hackers.
Hootsuite understands this challenge and has partnered with Global Relay, a leading corporate archiving provider capable of maintaining compliance on social media.
This means that messages from all of your connected social networks can be easily reviewed by the company's compliance team and industry regulators.
After configuration, any team member who posts using Hootsuite will have their messages automatically archived in the Global Relay system, offering sending solutions for their social media.
The partnership between Hootsuite and Global Relay provides a comprehensive overview of social media messages and easily integrates your social media archiving with existing email and chat archives.
So four, almost five years ago, Proposition 8, the great debate about marriage equality,
Last year, you worked at a regional art museum, helping organize its collection and giving guided tours to visitors.
So you wrote him an email and found out that the cousin of the photographer's wife is publishing a sustainability magazine, which hires a writer who plays on a baseball team with a referee who, you won't believe, is an organic farmer.
It sounds like a funny cartoon, but let's look at the online search I did.
Couldn't be the guy asking if the bomb was too tight.
Imagine Bell sitting in the outpatient department, the students around him, the patients signing up for the emergency room to be registered and brought in.
Bell says, "How was the crossing on the Burntisland ferry?"
When it is published, a number of wiki sites will be launched simultaneously under the WISER label.
These funds are to philanthropy what venture capital funds, private equity funds, and eventually mutual funds are to investments, but in detail because a community is often formed around these funds, as happened at Acumen and elsewhere.
Xigi is a new community website that is being built by the community,
Words like philanthropic capitalism and natural capitalism and philanthropic entrepreneur and risk philanthropy .
The Vietnam War was at its height, the Civil Rights Movement was on the march, and the images had a tremendous influence on me.
I saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, particularly visual journalism, can shed light on the benefits and costs of political policing.
With no political will to find common ground, the continuing friction of tactics and counter-tactics only creates suspicion and hatred and revenge and perpetuates the cycle of violence.
A mosque in northern Bosnia was destroyed by Serbian artillery and was used as an improvised morgue.
One of the things I had to learn as a journalist was how to deal with my anger.
The next day I went to Rwanda and it was like taking an express elevator to hell.
NATO forces advanced and the Serbian army retreated.
I've been working on a major project on crime and punishment in the United States.
One day, in rehab, I started talking about surfing and all those guys who had never surfed said, "Hey, let's go!"
Wait for the device to start and then use the router configuration sequence in the HBUS interface.
About 200 miles an hour before a looping .
In a hunt, we have an ejectable bench.
If there are fewer pages to show than you have on your website, make sure we can find and crawl your content and that it offers value.
If you recently purchased your domain, it may be poorly performing because it previously contained problematic content or spam.
If you think this is the case, then you'll want to log in to the website administrator tools, add and verify your new site, and then submit a request for reconsideration, noting this information.
Adding a navigation bar or a menu is a clean and popular way to improve navigation on websites.
Select the paper clip icon and attach the image or file.
A link to the image will be displayed. Enter your message and select the networks where you want to post that message.
So we're going to use the same code essentially, actually let me just copy and paste,
And that's part of the loop for.
We can sell you a franchise of this for $3,000.
Images of people running down the streets of New York and Washington, chanting American chauvinist slogans, waving their flags as if they were members of a cult, hailing the death of a human being, reveals another facet of this disease that we call modern society.
I can see that Valencia's electron carbon is going to be one, two, three and four. And to get to the eight electrons, you have to get to the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth.
Looks like waffle really...
Just to clarify, this isn't class web programming, it's software engineering.
But I have to say, for those of you who have had a positive attitude about it and you are, you're kind of working around the difficulties and having with us, we really appreciate that.
And my hope is that we're gonna have some interviews with some software professionals and mini celebrities here in the Bay Area.
Because it's a big planet, there was a drift from the continents... that made it look very different from humans and... away from each other, and when they met again... the most cruel thought they were superior to the others... it was a massacre, and now the degenerates dominate everything.
So we can compare and contrast the big ideas.
By the way, this is how we develop and formulate strategy at Autodesk, in some of our organizations and some of our divisions.
It 's top of the line .
The cost of taking the pencil and marking the X is greater than the possible benefit of the decision , which is why we get this effect .
You have an edge now, but when the sun comes up they won't make it easy.
I'm sure the lady would love to cool off.
You are so selfish, Meier!
Spatial thinking is deeply connected to how we understand much of what's around us.
Siftables are an example of a new ecosystem of tools for manipulating digital information.
We started to realize that one of the interesting implications of interaction was being able to use everyday gestures as information, like pouring a color the same way you pour a liquid.
The vectors when you get closer, they get bigger and bigger, and let me zoom in on it.
I'm gonna make a nice little marshmallow so you can give it to all your friends...
The water over there has boiled, now just drain the jelly, take out a lot of the water and I'll take it for the fire to melt.
Marshmallow seems like a super pop and modern thing, but actually, since the Egyptians they eat marshmallow in candy, did you know that?
Listen, if you happen to raise some money through this, we'll gladly accept it.
Since his tomato stock is down by 176, how many tomatoes will he have left at the end of those three days?
It was built by a team using free-to-use hardware.
Every green space we create is an invitation for non-human beings to coexist with us.
It looks like buoys floating in the water, projecting one meter up, one meter down.
And we can also text the fish.
Your user profile is what other members of your organization see, and you can easily edit by selecting the pencil icon next to your name.
Japan and the [inaudible] post can have incredibly high growth.
Graphical user interface is a fancy term for new screen layout
Well, I've got my sets now, so I need to upload my commute program
The remaining timer will use the last cycle timer information to display the remaining time in a program
The new configurable user Operation and Installation Timers has been added to the current commands
No change to display different alarm message screens added quick-help key
...consistent eyewitness reports say the affected people acted as if they were in some form of trance while killing and eating their victims, authorities are ready to examine the bodies of some of the victims.
Physio Radiance is a fully hypoallergenic, anti-aging, and cutting-edge unissex skin treatment that teaches your skin to self-regulate, self-regenerate, and self-repair.
Oh, my God, that guy can string the bow maybe there's something to him.
This maneuver will be so fast that we can't use position feedback to correct the movement during execution.
Push the mouse over the tweet and click the reply arrow.
You have to be connected to the internet continuously for 45 minutes, which is how long to take these tests.
You can think of DNA as a huge library of information, information that's used for one thing: directing the construction of different protein molecules.
A functional sanitation system is crucial to creating acceptable hygiene conditions.
And so, once again, pause the video if you don't want any more tips.
But this guy could only see, OK, how many green hats are there and how many purple hats are there?
In the background, we discovered a way to color tissues and color the surgical field.
There's a new reality show on television, and it's called The Room... I should write in blue... but it's called The Room with the Blue Forehead
So I took a pack of orange juice and poured it into the glass to take this photo.
If you write, I know, emotion and design, you get 10 pages of results.
And I think it's a good tool for you to have in your kit if you've never seen it.
It's not guaranteed peace with you or your neighbors.
I don't understand why anyone would get mad.
No, isn't it the gate or the Golden Gay Bridge?
My friend talks about it all the time they use the word gay like anything else you don't just say, hey, you're gay! haha that's stupid because you'd be so bad with someone else?
Little do they know people are bad and they don't want to be bullied.
She's sitting listening and the next thing we hear Homer saying is that, but as for supper, what could be less attractive than what a powerful man and goddess would spread before them as soon as a party groaning for them would first plot their vicious crimes.
The tobacco lobby is too strong.
After starting my company, Interface, from scratch, in 1973, 36 years ago, to produce carpet tiles in the U.S. for the corporate and institutional market, and to take it from its early stages and survival to prosperity and global dominance in its field,
They started describing me as the greenest CEO in America.
No amount of advertising, no intelligent marketing campaign, at any cost, could have produced or created so much goodwill.
And I myself met this person in the early days of this mountaineering.
And that can't be done without free resources that can't be built without a community that can't contribute if it doesn't have an efficient platform.
Next to Luca Alexandrovich was Fedyushka, with her father's hat on her head.
This robot is equipped with a camera and a laser scanner , a laser scanner .
See, before you could sell a record for $10 or $16.98 as a CD because there was this mystery about how it was made.
If I made a movie with a story like that, they'd say the script was wrong, that doesn't happen in life.
Just renting that buffet cost me $5,000.
Wow, that's got a timing, huh?
Early example: The Sugarhill Gang sampled the bass chorus of Chic's Good Times on the 1979 hit Rapper's Delight.
So in 1961, William Burroughs not only invented the term heavy metal, the kind of music Zeppelin and other bands would explore, he also produced a primitive remix.
Dazed and Confused contains different lyrics, but it is clearly an uncredited cover of a song of the same name by Jake Holmes.
I thought it would be an interesting idea and incorporated it into a design workshop.
It 's a blog where you can see how to make marshmallows .
The most remarkable thing is that he said that he had kept newspaper clippings from all my childhood, that if I won the spelling bee, in the second year, walked with the scouts, won a scholarship, or any of my wins in sports, and used those clippings to teach intern students, medical students from Hahnemann and Hershey medical schools.
They were able to conquer much of Egypt thanks to superior military technology such as bronze weapons and compound bows and firecrackers.
So you can imagine that if we're really enlarged on the surface of the heart and we're looking at the tissue of the heart muscle, if that person with that heart needed to go jogging and that heart muscle cell needed oxygen, they probably wouldn't be able to get the oxygen needed because of the stenosis that caused the ischemia.
A euphemism for stealing them.
Imagine each of these different varieties with each other like a poodle and a grand damani .
I know this puts me a little bit of a nerd, but... (Laughter)
The sport of bait digging is almost the same as fishing, when an appetite is not very interested, and that you can have everything for yourself today.
I think you can justify that one worm for every three thorns you turn, if you look well between the grass roots, as if it were a crane.
I saw the roach earlier in the woods behind where my house is built, and probably still heard his whinnering at night.
I took the chip on which the three I particularly described were struggling, took it to my house, and put it under a glass in my chest window in order to see the issue.
I could hear the common splash of water when it came, and so did they detect it.
Digging one day for fishworms, I discovered the peanut (Apius tuberosa) in its string, the aboriginal potato, a kind of fabulous fruit, which I had begun to doubt if I had ever dug and eaten as a child, as I had said, and had not dreamed of it.
As the wasps, before I finally entered the winter quarters in November, I used to resort on the northeast side of the Walden, that the sun, reflected from the pine field and the stone shore, made the fireside of the pond more pleasant, both and wholesomer to be warmed by the sun while you may be, than by an artificial fire.
These are the little compressed air pistols that contribute to making crack ice and scream.
I had ended up sinking my head over it when the bells rang, and in haste the hot engines rolled that way, led by a straggling troop of men and boys, and I among them above all, for I had jumped the stream.
There, away from the street of the village, and except at very long intervals, from the jingle of sleigh-bells, I slid and skated, as in a large well-trampled backyard moose, covered by oak forests and solemn pine trees bent with snow or full of hangers.
That night, a Weston scout came to the Concord hunter's cabin to ask for his hounds, and told how for a week they had been hunting on their own from
It's almost as if you'd seen a wild creature when a rabbit or parrot burst out of the distance, just a natural catastrophe, as expected as butterflying leaves.
Mania is a distinct period characterized by an abnormal and persistently elevated disposition, expansive or irritated, and abnormal and persistently elevated activity or energy
I often see the slogan that's all over the place that says,
It's a good example of the kind of things we do, we take a bizarre and seemingly incomprehensible neuropsychiatric syndrome and we say that the Freudian standard view is wrong, that we have a precise explanation based on what we know about the neural anatomy of the brain.
It is the dependence on agricultural subsidies, the existence of lower ranking schools and higher poverty rates in rural areas than in urban areas.
My favorite is Bunn's Barbecue.
So just like in the Granovetter model we're going to have a limit and there's going to be a limit at which I stand up, but it's going to be a little different.
Okay, fitness and health, if you want to get a group of people out of society, even to become healthier, that's a lot like a permanent ovation.
I loved that feeling, and I started skateboarding when I was 10 years old, in 1977, and when I started, I got into it right away.
The weird thing was that there was a liberating side to it all, because I didn't have to protect my championship record anymore.
Each of them, you look at them, you can see a silhouette of them, and they recognize us right away.
We can be a hacker of the Linux Kernel, and make it more stable, right?
Such common diseases as depression, trauma, and phobia are not often detected in prison screening, and once in prison, the chances of getting proper treatment plummet because the system doesn't have that capacity, and because the environment is more punitive than rehabilitative.
When you hop on the train the lines aren't incredibly long, when you go from the supermarket, when you go for dry cleaning, isn't it incredibly crowded, nor is it particularly empty?
And this formula right here to solve any quadratic equation is called the general formula of the second-degree equation.
Or have you ever asked a store clerk to check for any special items in the system?
Now he's filming his classes from a modified closet inside his room.
It's even harder in Edinburgh because we have to count all the whiskey and tartan.
A shorts and a shirt?
Usually, we're so bombarded with constant requests from other people with this device, that we shut down the Internet connection on our PC for a certain pre-defined time, so we can work a little bit.
This is Buster assembling a flexing machine in the office of his new startup Habit Labs, where they're trying to create other apps like Health Month for people.
We had to hide them from our industrial designer until she accepted the job, and then she almost ran out screaming.
People were literally fighting each other in front of the freezer, you know, in front of the fridge section of your local store because they wanted the old coke back.
Will religion be compatible with science?
There's a ReverseSpeech.com page where I downloaded these things.
These parents weren't afraid to tell the teachers what to do and check up to see what they did.
The pump is the bottom battery pump and produces the loudest sound.
This virtuous cycle begins to take off.
The other tool we're going to use is the DOM shot library that can take a graphical snapshot of a specific DOM node.
I'll leave you my old code down here so you can compare it a little bit, but then I'll delete you because I don't want the same thing to be rounded twice.
So when you put that hash tag (#), it essentially comments on that line.
But casinos and lotteries operate every day on this principle that if you have enough people -- surely, in the short term or after a few attempts, some of them can win the prize.
The typical plant food actually has over 1,000 units of antioxidant power, but for comparison purposes, just to be fair to animal foods, I'm going to pick the least healthy plant food that comes to mind: our old, well-known American iceberg alfalfa, which I think is basically just water.
And actually, these free classes don't just have to be on the Internet, but they could also be made available on DVDs, and so anyone with a DVD player could always have the best teachers.
Don't tell me a boy isn't important, and I'll use a somewhat reckless expression, armed with an internet-connected smartphone that's nervous about another boy.
Well, maybe you didn't realize the part where I saved you and Dad Geppetto from a bunch of angry Russians.
Knewton is an adaptive learning and data mining platform that allows anyone, anywhere to upload content.
One of the revolutions we're going to see is that less and less education will have to do with content transfer, because that's going to be a commodity, and I hope one day it will be available to anyone around the world.
Open your laptop and find out for yourself.
PC: It's a very profound notion to know that we, as women, are at the forefront of this.
This is all to cheer up our spirits, left-wing liberal suspense, pseudo-Hollywood Marxism like Pelican's Brief, All the President's Men, which can sound very critical, you know, like,
And I just wanted to ask if you see this as a change of tactics with your legal team in dealing with your possible extradition to Sweden?
Then we fill another electron, and later we'll talk about spin and other stuff like that.
Gregor realized that he should not under any circumstances allow the manager to go away in this state of mind, especially if his position at the firm was not to be put in greatest danger.
She did not find him immediately, but when she noticed him under the couch - God, he had to be somewhere or another, for he could not fly away - she was so shocked that, unable to control herself, she knocked the closed door, once again out.
Now it seemed very clear that, having assumed that they were listening to a beautiful or amusing violin recital, they were disappointed and were allowing their peace and tranquility to be disturbed only by education.
In the hallway all three of them took their hat off the chair, pulled their sticks from the cane holder, bent silently, and left the apartment.
Now the reason, of course, of all this equipment that you have in your office, everything that beats and all the sqweeee (keyboard) noises where we're sending information through the headphone using sound.
I've got water in my mouth now and we're going to make a lemon juice too!
And today on the show, I'm gonna make a vanilla cupcake filled with lemon...
Now I'm gonna make a Swiss merengue to put on the cupcakes.
And I'm about to show you a stop motion movie that I made recently where you can see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment in a period of one hour.
Look, don't touch my branded jeans.
And she turned her face to the streaming panels of the railway window and looked out into the gray-storm rain that seemed to go on forever and ever.
Then they passed a church and a parish house and a little showcase or so in a house with toys and candy and strange things set up for sale.
She had just taken a break and was looking at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind, when she saw a bright scarlet and heard a bright chirp, and there, on top of the wall, Ben's front pole
Sometimes they were images of dark, curious landscapes, but more often they were portraits of men and women in queer, large suits made of satin and velvet.
Yes, they're tiny growing things and they can be maple or snowdrops or narcissus, she whispered.
He was very pleased to see gardening started on his own property.
It's the strangest house anyone's ever lived in, said Mary drowsy, as she dropped her head on the cushioned seat of the chair next to her.
The film broke box office records, proving once again that women can star in successful blockbuster films.
She had started her business crouching in an abandoned garage, sewing sheets and aprons that she would take to markets around town so she could support the 12 or 13 family members who still counted on her to survive.
Apple launches the iPhone in China and censors the Dalai Lama as well as other politically sensitive apps, at the request of the Chinese government, in its Chinese app store.
Stern, a German news magazine, had its application censored because Apple's maids found it a little too sexy for its users, despite the fact that this magazine is perfectly legal to sell in kiosks throughout Germany.
Now in China, we have the great firewall, as it's well known, which blocks Facebook, Twitter and now Google+ and many other foreign websites.
You can see the basic HTML here with the form. And the input password and the send button and we have a script here where we start our javascript running.
This map can help us see the expansion of Egyptian power during the 1830s, when Muhammad Ali's rule was at its peak in, say, about 1840.
I could be an elf with a shadow!
Looting Rome became a hobby for the Barbarians, and the Vandals, thanks to their exceptional ability to destroy and violence, gave us the word vandalism...
Now that we know the nomenclature of aldehydes and ketones, I'd like to describe in this video a reaction mechanism to create one of these compounds.
Tumblr, SoundCloud, an early YouTube, whenever people express themselves, make art, news or organize protests, there's an abundance of TV images, movie clips and music with copyright mixed inches
If we could install these molecules in neurons, these neurons would be electrically conductive with light.
I look at them and I think, yes, we can take this idea much further if we allow people to set goals, calibrated targets using elements of uncertainty, using multiple targets, using a grand system of implicit rewards and incentives motivating people to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use all these sophisticated mechanisms of motivation and group work.
Rejected no, because it was white enough and white bread and so on... and it was amazing to see the quality of the debate that came out of it, the things that came out of that little boy's mouth, and you'd think that this boy would really do something important if he didn't die before scurvy.
What's missing here is a piece of the puzzle that our species has had an extraordinarily bizarre recent history.
The pose of a petulant actress in front of a curtain of theatre and smoke, the flood of trinkets and dresses, the dizziness of the wigs... ... is over!
Blogs, he had the inside of the blog. to the company where he would complain about maybe spoiling the company and he had a public blog that he was talking about technology.
I'm going to start by telling a story, or for those who love Monty Python, a sort of Monty Python sketch.
All they had was a monitor in the front that had numbers and a red button that said, "Stop".
What if it was a security patch for an overflow buffer, that Windows doesn't have just one, but several?
Let m equal the length of the middle platform. m half (or half) and then make b equal to the length of the shelf below b to bottom - shelf below.
But what about the pop-up menus where you put your district?
And just to make the integration limits a little bit more meaningful, because we know that 1 is less than b, we're going to swap them.
When you or your team are working on a pipeline machine learning system, it can sometimes give you a very strong signal, a strong orientation, on which parts of the pipeline may best employ your time to work.
So, in other words, we have a set of test images and for each test set image, we have to run it through the text section, then character nation 7, then character recognition, and we can find that in our test set, the accuracy of the whole system was 72 percent on one of the metrics chosen.
Similarly, a more famous crowdfunding system, Kickstarter, last year raised $320 million in project funding, a remarkable, remarkable number!
It started with a big mainframe like this, surrounded by a bunch of dumb terminals.
And this happened because of thousands of innovations by hundreds, maybe thousands of companies that dropped the price and improved the efficiency of broadband and speed of microprocessors and wireless, storage, and everything else, to the point that we no longer think, at least in the developed world, how much time we spend doing this or going to do that.
If you take your laptop and crush it in front of 50 others...
Thus, by simply ignoring the research, the committee can reach a conclusion that would otherwise seem inappropriate.
I mean, what you want from a frame book is not to make things more complicated, it's already complicated enough.
He's brave, like a cowboy should be, and kind and smart, but the only thing that makes Woody special is that he'll never give up on you.
Tighten him God freely show me to him slashed his forehead save stick hates his son
That's why we offer bonuses to teachers if their students pass the big tests that are used to assess the quality of school systems.
She only got a part-time job because of her back, so she didn't earn enough to put food on the table and take care of her family.
This is a German bunker.
So the DNA goes in and collides with this donut-shaped blue structure and is separated in its two chains.
He wore a dark brown velvet jacket with a tall, black, linen-coated throat appeared over his neck.
Then the finer end of the Fearenside whip came to his property, and the dog, yelping with discouragement, retreated under the wheels of the wagon.
You're a doomed rum customer, mister, said Mr. Jaffers.
The bartender leaned his fat red arms over the counter and talked about horses with an anemic coachman, while a gray-haired black-bearded man, Burton, drank and chatted in American with a police officer on leave.
The glass of whiskey leaning on you.
He walked to a closet and produced a dark scarlet robe.
These people have no way out, and as we assimilate this difficult issue, it's important to remember that slavery, including sex trafficking, also happens in our own backyard.
There's no perfect pickles, only perfect pickles.
We're going to monitor a hashtag, and in this example, we're going to be the international snack, Five Guys.
What made you forget love case with glitter and fireworks by
I was asked to make a poster to be placed in New York City subway carts for a year.
Right, or if you're re trying to decide you know exactly how many cookies to buy the bagel store, you know maybe you just sort of pick a dozen or something like that.
It 's good for parkour here .
No, not the shortcut, I was right not the single shortcut
I think this ability to take real-world phenomena and turn them into something that a microchip can understand is the most important ability a person can have right now.
Millions of Netflix subscribers watch various movies and TV shows on Nintendo's Wii console.
One option is the fast food fetish .
A second option is the sexy geek option .
Last year, we didn't have a single Catarian filmmaker.
Imagine the infinite cruelty that the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel have inflicted on the inhabitants of another corner;
And the head-mounted display, known as jacaré vision.
They don't understand the host's basic relationship comments.
The CPU is sometimes called the brain of the computer because it processes information and executes commands.
You can add a Portuguese-language video board to get better graphics performance, or you can add a wireless board to connect to your home wireless network.
First of all, there's a long history of antipathy between science and law in American jurisprudence.
If you take a look at what's happening in the online world, here's a video from Clarified Networks that illustrates how a single family of malware is able to move around the world.
They have seven tentacles, 14 very funny compound eyes and a brain shaped like a pretzel.
You know, hey, Home Depot, can you have some hot pink polypropylene, six and a half million square feet?
There are also three doors at the top of the phone, a headphone jack, a Mini USB connector for charging and connecting PCs, and a Micro Sim slot.
The people hub is a great place to see how social networks have actually been integrated into the phone.
In this exercise, we're going to add a virtual sequencer that will control the packet input driver sequencer.
The question of ketchup goes like this:
There's one player and there's two players.
There's some spamming program insinuating, trying to turn every item into an ad for Rolex watches.
You may remember the Star Wars Boy, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball catcher like a laser blade.
I can't believe you almost did with your demo and I haven't written a song about your best friend.
This is a pH probe.
Zero is a steeper ramp than this negative ramp here.
A quiz I sometimes give my college students is to say, I think of five coordination games that you have to play every day.
But if you're a very optimistic penguin, who jumps blindly hoping for the best, you might find yourself in a bad situation when you land.
And a cookie that we'll talk about soon.
The problem is that the way you remember which page you're caching is by the URI that refers to that page.
White is just a kind of bluff, it's just a bluff of the mind itself.
So a dialogue between a Tupi-speaking Indian and a Portuguese-speaking white man from the time of discovery for us Brazilians was Greek.
That sounds like a fancy word.
If you jump a ping-pong ball out of a pool ball, the pool ball will come back and this one becomes negative, whereas if you plough a pool ball out of a pool ball, it goes forward.
For example, think of our evolutionary predilection to eat sweet or fatty things like cheesecake.
As he spoke, there was the sharp sound of the horses' hulls and wheels against the half-wire grid, followed by a sharp pull with the bell.
Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for a moment, for I was not sure when he might come, and the ticket was so good, and served me so well, that I would not risk losing it.
It's my hobby to have an accurate knowledge of London.
A vegan diet was first tested in 2000 in Helsinki.
That's how it's done, and that's how we transferred our knowledge, technology and know-how to the Iranian government's space program.
We put it inside our little function box, and we need to get to our exit.
This lean 20% surplus of energy is enough to allow rich hierarchies to be formed, working skills to develop, and great architectural works to be built.
This best-seller, and all his literary heirs,
We're working hard to reduce the smog that's forming here in Los Angeles.
We can actually put together microprocessors and have this as an input and create soft-sound music made by ourselves.
This issue came up, I think the username is Minoctu and they corrected me, this could never be something like a 2-propyl-heptane.
Responsive web design is basically a way of coding with a single base code for multiple devices.
Now, when we're talking about encoding a specific version of the site for each of the different applications, what's going to happen is that you go to the desktop version of the site that they call the full site on a bunch of sites that you start a single version of the site.
In the same way that if you go to the Louvre, you can buy a mousepad or a cup of coffee with the Mona Lisa, you know, something that's 500 years old.
So here's a screenshot of the search for a flight, where the specified restriction didn't yield any possible solution.
To celebrate this new partnership, I re-read a milkshake that's out there on the Tastemade Channel, but I made a milkshake at I Could Kill For Dessert.
In 1932, industrialist Bernard London circulated a pamphlet entitled
If the match is false, the flag is zero, '1 - hit' is 1.
We can determine pitch, height (amplitude), timbre, duration, spatial location and acoustics of the environment (by reverberation).
The outer circle of the inner core is coated with the conductive copper (electric) coil.
We have to use the reset ticks command when setting up.
The Zendesk and Get Satisfaction apps can be particularly helpful for you by taking a social media message and creating a ticket or sending it to your forum.
This is natural selection, this is supposed to apply to everything, which aims to explain why we evolved from basic bacteria or, who knows, self-replicating RNA, which I'll talk about more about in the future.
And we chose light Karo corn syrup for that.
My friend is a romantic and shy ox.
The limo was emptied.
Mother died of a heroin overdose.
In this example, cluster 1 is a cluster whose jurisdiction of influence is the pair of variables A, B. Cluster 2 has jurisdiction over B and C. 3 has jurisdiction over C and D.
Mrs. Evola, the lady I worked for, sent me to a client's house one day after giving me a laxative richly seasoned with spices.
Is that your mom you're crying about?
I remember a few years ago, I was thinking about all this when I went to see The Sunday Sport, a tabloid that I wouldn't recommend to anyone who doesn't already know it.
With the switch key still in installation mode and the operator doors now open
He seems to be courting not his future wife, but her father.
In other words, this quarter-acre risk had to be reimbursed in a single harvest or they wouldn't take the risk.
The season finale was just blah let me cover my ears I need to cover my eyes
If you're watching this video, the first thing I suggest is to stop and go to businessmodelgeneration.com, and download the canvas and print multiple copies.
And this only happens until all the energy in the system is spent, and then, game over, it's over.
You 've probably seen that phrase on some sticker or outdoor ...
One of the forms of method for castration that I've already talked about, which the Supreme Court struck down, is the grandfather clause.
These platforms invite all kinds of developers and all kinds of people to come with their ideas and their opportunity to create and be able to target an app to a particular audience.
My first book, a piece of journalism that I made just for the money I had already bought me an electric typewriter in advance, should have been a best seller.
Now, I'm not just referring to the area of masculine, Edwardian-style bravery but also areas like the fight against pancreatic cancer there's something addictive about this, and in my case I think expeditions to the North Pole may not be too far from being an addiction.
Nine months after that day on the sloping rock, I had the only blind date of my life with an elephant just over two meters tall called Kanchi.
Today I'm going with my kids' garden, so, a little slide, and medium, and curling and...
It's... until his uncle died, he was able to access Wi-Fi at the funeral.
A secure browser helps you against threats like phishing and malware, which can steal your passwords - or worse.
Thus, the acoustic model can compensate for the language model deficiency and vice versa.
And then the notion of flush.
Yo, sick of these kitsch things!
This is the power of the spin-off .
When we define the colors of the image, to highlight the dim-level lights, we see that these jets feed a feather that, as we see in other images, reaches thousands of miles in space above Enceladus.
Now we can see the airbag blowing in and see if it works.
Now, as I'm sure you all know, the popular playground game called British Bulldogs has been banned in most schools because people say it's very dangerous.
But on the outside, he upgraded the suspension, improved the brakes, and worked with a variable valve control in the engine.
If you put in ten hours on the exam, then you'll probably go, you know you'll study for the exam and then you'll probably take the test and get an A of the course.
Stan, I can't wear these bourgeois badges while Karl Marx is looking at me, that's ridiculous.
So a thread is like its own program.
Or Mistborn-- a gang of thieves trying to steal the Dark Lord himself.
For AIDS research I bought your toys and I still break this iPhone iPad
In the middle of those papers, there was a file called FINFISHER.
I played softball for five years when I was younger.
About 85 meters of my 100-meter sprint, in all my glory, I lost a leg.
I put my snorkel in my mouth, and I rolled sideways through the boat into the water.
Post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, is a chronic and devastating disease associated with high rates of disability and suicide.
And then finally, I want to show you some reactions that we filmed with the world's first deep-sea webcam, which we installed in Monterey Canyon last year.
Leah her first encounter with Jacob is covered with a veil and is confident that Rachel glamour for the world of writing, she remained a woman covered her face.h, the world covered.
So we see some close-ups with what suitors are all about.
They look pretty much like the assembly language of the old guard.
Ki, this is... a 4000 hit combo.
Whether you're in my line or not, you've certainly heard or read about the decline of the so-called three-camera sitcom and the rise of real-life television.
First, she tried to look down and do what she was coming for, but it was too dark to see anything, so she looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they were filled with e-book cabinets shelves; here and there she saw maps and paintings hanging.
Have you guessed the charade yet? said the Hatter, turning to Alice again.
But I love this cartoon from the New Yorker.
The graph in this slide is an adaptation of Jacob Nielsen's work on heuristic evaluation and what you see is that every black square is a bug that a particular evaluator found.
The Tipping Point was a single instance in time where, whatever long, long balance will be suddenly changed drastically.
Press the tab key to play or pause the video, and press the control to go back 8 seconds.
I'm not saying ah it looks like a 1997 Ford F150 pickup truck, right?
Because this person is the safest person, the rating agencies (who will be entitled to a series of videos) might be able to give you maybe an AAA rating.
What's peculiar is that I recently wrote a memoir called Eat, Pray, Love which, unlike my previous books, was released and for some reason became a mega-sensation, an international bestseller.
Mandioca is something 500 million people eat.
When I hear the word suitcase, I think of something you can carry around.
Husband: That doesn't look like bread, it looks like a roll that I used to eat in my school cafeteria.
They 're going to eat a lot of gourmet meals .
One geographical concept that can help us in a zombie apocalypse is movement.
I'm glad Andersen saw it and informed me immediately.
Chris: It's the great advantage of hovercraft. It has a footprint pressure about 33 times lower than the human foot.
That's why it's uncomfortable to wear your favorite Metallica t-shirt on a hot day.
It wasn't that there wasn't an online pet supplies market.
Lee Jungwoo, shout ~
So if we've seen a square as a kind of independent variable or x term, then now this kind of has the form of polynomials that I hope you're used to factoring a little bit.
Mitzva' of the staff of the root ('zevet'), and no command.
As for my personal life, I'm going to continue working as a freelancer, and I'll probably be doing a new exhibition in six months.
Paul Cohen argues that the West sees itself as probably the most cosmopolitan of all cultures.
Is this the edition of T.S. Eliot's The Desolate Earth, or this pre-adolescent tale about a troll's adventures, a book or an app?
And a lot of research since then has shown that he was wrong flat out.
The most common ones are pacifist-style archives: archives that suggest you try to play the whole game without attacking anyone; but you can also arrange in car challenges in GTA; all these amazing archives that I can put in the remake of the original God Ex.
After the interview, I told the author to copy that chair.
As in this Transfiguration, where a ravine and a wooden barrier separate us from the mountain where the miracle unfolds... ...here, only land accidents are enough to play this role of separators.
And they're very formal portraits of the way the royal family poses and they look powerful, and that's not what this painting is.
A dog that has never encountered capric acid may have no greater difficulty in conceiving its smell than we would have in imagining a trumpet playing a higher note than one we've ever heard before.
There were three ways to try to make changes in the brain: the therapist's couch, the pills, and the knife.
When my mystical part whispers like that, without stopping, the warrior turns her eyes.
It's been a while since I've done a vlog for you guys, but a lot of people have been asking me to do vlogs again.
For example, the Milwaukee voucher program.
Another thing would be a single blush paint my face for what you heard me talk about tonight.
That gallant spirit has aspir'd the clouds,
Perhaps do against me, this dreadful murder; And here I am, both by impeachment and purge
These teachers are called pick-up artists .
Now, when you look at this, this is a complicated map, but you look at it and you think, wow that reminds me of something.
We can say that having a virus is a risk on the Internet, but it's not that we care too much, or even that if a small amount of money is stolen, it's not what we care most about.
Last night at 2:00 in the morning, I had to go to the bathroom, and yet she made the bed.
Next time you use a birth control pill , thank Emma .
Try Twix's candy, chocolate and crunchy cookie.
However, you won't see the political establishment or the media expressing this view to the public in their daily newsletters although Brzezinski argues as if it were common sense.
In short, I was a crook, a gangster for capitalism.
Text manipulator scheme I'm going to use wsgiref, which is a standard Python web application container.
I'm going to write, appcfig update to deploy my app and then the naming app directory.
This is a film with 22 years of hard work, research, discovery and travel in space and time and inner consciousness, and it will be the most important release of information on the subject of UFOs and a new energy that has coalesced in that long term.
To isolate the effect of placement and identify and explain the cause of the roll, he needs to isolate that as a variable by saying randomise the order of the search results.
United Fruit didn't like it, so they hired a PR firm to run a big campaign in the U.S. to convince the country, the people, the U.S. citizens, the U.S. press, and the U.S. Congress that Arbenz was a Soviet puppet.
It's two profiles in black, or a white vase in the middle.
What bitter blanks in those marbles with black stripes, which do not cover ashes!
Don't give me that, you've faced a creepy heap of parrot feces.
So they can't hear your intonation or see the tears flowing down your face, even though, after all, the separation ends up being great for you. That's the challenge Shakespeare faces, and that's the challenge you face every time you write to an audience, whether it's a novel or a demanding YouTube comment about whether our Gallifreyan is right.
To make the drink, all you need is a little fresh thyme, peppermint, four fresh cherries, stuff everything with a little honey, then you fill it with champagne and ice it on top.
He said, Dave, I put your X-ray on the home computer screen.
But then why develop this spectator identification on a painting that was not created for a church and that Rembrandt kept in his studio until his death?
During the press conference, they had a huge placard behind them.
- Even I think I only picked up the rehearsal when I was a kid -
I can take a heat pack, like the one you buy at a pharmacy.
Okay, root kit, this is a worthy topic.
And then you can use that. Like this automatic rifle was given to your 3-year-old son, who then can actually make the cowboys and the Indians real, and he could go out there doing bam, bam, bam.
So let's call this, fake data example.
The petal of the flower looks like this, so the ant is like crawling over these objects, and if you look a little bit closer at this stigma and this stem, which is the stylus of this flower, you notice that it has these little things -- these things like gums, which are the spurs.
So the first job I'll class with an ArrayList that requires me to add the System.Collections namespace.
For the time being, LETIS makes the default classification method by title.
A top ten wasp, right, sequel injection, cross-side script, are you vulnerable to any of these things, no, OK.
He developed an outsourcing model for sex services, (Laughter) broke away from the monopoly provider, in many cases took advantage of local resources, and, of course, the option of having between one and three girls at a time allowed him to balance the entire production.
In this lecture, we will identify some key analytical characteristics of organizations.
That was blitzkrieg, a devastating tactic that combines the rapid movement of troops and tanks with the massive use of air power to support infantry actions.
When I was a woman from your distressing that she would tell you Rabbi Shimon pack a cooler to lament and go and say Rabbi Simeon
The boxes in our grocery store, the clerk in our factory, the guy who annoys us on the highway, the guy from telemarketing who calls us at dinner, all the teachers we've ever had, all the people who've ever woken up next to you, all the politicians in every country, all the actors in every movie, all the people in our family, everyone we love, everyone in this room, all of us, we'll all be dead in a hundred years.
And who's asking me clothes that she has style, she's not going to a Strauss bazaar..
Napoleon said, "Well, I put those soldiers on the eastern front.
Orville Wright piloted the first plane on a beach in North Carolina.
The second game was a freestyle chess tournament in 2005, where man and machine could participate together as partners rather than opponents, if they so wished.
And there 's also the self-service bike service .
And we take it for granted, and the toys and the lingerie will save us.
That means soldiers aren't needed to patrol our streets.
And she says, I'm matriarch Rachel, and I raise many eyebrows and says Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, a wonderful article that he wrote, the son of Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu zt read his article I saw you no mirage