As you can see, the great mistake of the year 2000 did not happen, but the citizens of some of our countries were victims of truly terrible natural disasters.
The honourable Members expressed their wish to discuss the matter in the coming days during this period.
Surely you have heard from the news in the press and on television about the various bombings and murders in Sri Lanka.
The questions which had been answered earlier referred to Mrs Palacio's intervention in a particular dossier and not to those statements in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
There is, by the way, the possibility of a military coup in the future.
Since my group is of the opinion that a Parliament is made to listen, to change and to reflect, we think there is no reason to justify this delay, and we also believe that the Commission is in a position to do so, that we are in perfect time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and to act responsibly before our citizens and our fellow citizens.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I am really a little surprised by the behaviour of Mr Barón Crespo, who now demands that this item on the agenda be included on Wednesday's agenda.
However, we are also of the opinion that there should be a change in this Commission tactic which follows an orderly procedure, and not only on the basis of an oral statement made here in Parliament, but also on the basis of a document which is decided by the Commission and which provides a description of this programme for a period of five years.
However, as Parliament, we are also the Commission's control body and not everything that comes from the Commission has to be compatible with our opinion.
We therefore suggest - and I am convinced that the Commission is also open to these considerations - that the debate on the Commission's long-term programme should be scheduled for February 2005.
I repeat, therefore, that this oral question should be kept to the Commission and the Council, so that we can know once and for all the position of those two bodies in relation to this relatively modest proposal, which would send an important signal to public opinion, especially after the sensation created around the failure of the Seattle Conference.
Not only for me, as an Austrian, but I think that for everyone, the memory of the calamity that took place last year in the Tauern Tunnel, which cost countless lives, and in which, for many months afterwards, it was necessary to rebuild everything that had been destroyed in this tunnel, with incalculable financial expenditure.
I would also like to address one last point: we cannot be content with filling another gap in the safety net and turning a blind eye to the fact that there is still much more to be done on the question of transport security in Europe.
In this context, I also ask and ask the Commissioner responsible here to present a document on this matter as soon as possible, with a view to ensuring further safety in tunnel traffic, so that we never again have to witness such a calamity in Europe!
The margarine and a few pounds of ink, which in principle presented no dangers, caused a real calamity.
It is therefore necessary to examine the possibility of further harmonising the requirements to ensure maximum safety.
We also have that institution to demand that the British Government ensure that the private sector, which is certainly the biggest driver of structural funding, is involved in the programming stage.
In our amendments we have set out the importance for us of creating the necessary synergies between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and Community initiatives, so that their implementation is reflected in an optimized and most profitable way in the progressive elimination of inequalities between regions and the creation of jobs, which are, after all, the two fundamental purposes of the Funds we are talking about.
The operation of the previous set of programmes is also very instructive in that it warns us of what the guidelines should not be.
The application and implementation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal discretion of that administrative officer, either in the Commission or in public office.
This would ensure that the peripheral countries and the outermost regions of Europe, i.e. their most disadvantaged regions, could operate successfully in the new euro area as well as in the expanding internal market, where the free movement of goods, people, services and capital is a reality.
I think we need to be able to say it loud and clear.
In this sense, both Europe as a whole and each individual Member State should make the best use of all its resources and potential, and therefore also the available Structural Funds.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express to you the great interest I have felt in listening carefully to the comments, sometimes criticisms and suggestions, which have just made progress in your interventions, based on Mrs Schroedter's report.
And I also want to assure you that when the Commission adopts the guidelines under what we call the interim review, as provided for in the regulation, the viewpoint of your House, which I now state in this report, will also be taken into account.
Before concluding, I would like to say to Mr Savary that tomorrow we will have a specific discussion on the consequences of the storms that have particularly affected France, Austria and Germany over the past few weeks, while we will again discuss, with my colleague De Palacio, the lessons to be learned from the black tide that has also affected the French coast.
Even the strongest centres continue to grow above the European average, while many areas of southern and northern Europe develop much more slowly.
The transfer of the most advanced technologies and knowledge for use by firms in the least developed regions is also of particular importance.
This does not mean that I do not see the need to strengthen competitiveness, especially since I myself am an entrepreneur in a region covered by Objective 1, namely Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and I know very well the concerns and needs of small and mediumsized enterprises.
When I speak of private enterprise, I do not refer only to the form of ownership of the company but to a state of mind, that is, to the behaviour of the person who wants to move forward in his life, whether that person is a worker, an entrepreneur or a public servant.
I do not want to go into detail now, Mr Rapporteur, in the course of my comment on some of the key points which your House has already signed up to.
Mr President, I am responding to a request made yesterday by the President of the sitting to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes.
It will be a testament to the proper collaboration between the two institutions.
But what are the conditions under which this altercation takes place, and what conclusions should we draw?
Workers face the greatest assault on their labour and social rights.
I consider useful in this regard the texts of von Eieck and certainly also those of a great Italian liberal, Bruno Leoni, who warned against the risks of an unusual expansion of anti-competitive policies.
Thirdly, I would like to know whether the Commission has found out what the consequences of its new approach will be for the strategy of the business world.
In order for no one to consider this a purely nationalist claim, I must remind you that in the Factortame case, in which the British Government sat on the bench of the defendants, it took ten years for the Court of Justice to deliver its judgment.
In this respect, it must be emphasized that a State aid policy - the Jonckheer report makes this particularly clear - must continue to allow each State the freedom to define and structure its public tasks and ownership relationships independently.
For example, last year's figures show that the total value of mergers in the European area was EUR 1,418 - seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last outbreak of mergers in 1990.
Forty years later this proposal is once again on the table and will - I am absolutely certain - create room for cartel formation to the detriment of Europe's consumers.
All of this worked quite well, but, as in the famous feature film Casablanca, the passage of time leads to the need to adapt the law we have been applying to the new circumstances.
I can say that the Commission's report on State aid to the steel industry, as is well known, does not cover individual decisions taken in a remarkable way under Article 95 of the ECSC Treaty, which fall outside the scope of the steel aid code.
The creation of UCLAF, the task force and the OLAF, as well as the regulation on the protection of the Community's financial interests and on-the-spot checks were important steps.
This stalemate could lead to a depletion of the Union's credibility and led Parliament to launch the idea of setting up a European Public Prosecutor's Office.
I should like to make it clear that my group will present an amendment which will remove the detail of how the Commission should deal with this matter.
Mrs Theato probably forgot about a European prison because we know that the FBI, the European police, exists with OLAF.
In my view, illegal State aid is nothing more than a form of state-sponsored social dumping.
It is now clear that to achieve this objective, it will be necessary to create jobs in rural areas that are not only associated with agriculture as traditionally understood - which is important for the protection of the environment and biodiversity - but also in sectors such as rural tourism, sport, culture, the environment, small and medium-sized enterprises and services.
In view of the employment situation in the Community and the European Union's ambition to combat unemployment decisively, the Commission's analysis of the concentrations should take into account other factors than competition.
It's actually a benefit of the current system.
We voted against this report in the name of the development of public services and in particular in memory of the victims of the Paddington train accident, who were killed not by fatality but by an absurd persistence in imposing competition in a sector that required regulation.
I welcome the quality of the Seventh Report on State aid in the EU, the fact that it is now published annually and that the Directorate-General for Competition publishes general and specific public information on its website.
A disaster like this, I'm pretty sure, couldn't have happened off the American coast.
But it is time to stop expressing our solidarity and start issuing enforcement notices in order to get rid of these ships of shame for safe seas, otherwise we will be back at the end of the year to amend a new motion for a resolution when another vessel flying the flag of convenience will again pour its crude oil into the sea.
The western part of the Atlantic pays once again the price of its unwillingness to react, its tendency to capitulate to multinationals.
I am convinced that within a few months these measures will give rise to a clear and forceful legal instrument - a directive, probably - which will definitely charge these 21st century pirates, who rob us all of the wealth and beauty of the sea.
We have set a value of 180 million dollars; in the United States we are talking about a maximum ceiling of one billion dollars for compensation.
We have to pay attention to this relationship of forces: I do not agree with those who generally say that it is the greenhouse effect that is to blame for the storm, but one thing is pretty much certain: we will have to face other calamities if we do not reverse course quickly.
The EU agency based in Dublin, for example, has shown that physical distance is not currently an obstacle to effective action and contacts.
I therefore ask you how you feel about the location of this agency's equipment.
If I may make a literary suggestion to the honourable Member, whose concern for the subject I acknowledge, I would advise you to read a book published just before Christmas by the famous journalist Isabel Hilton on the problems of Tibet.
I hope that the approach we are pursuing will demonstrate its feasibility and at the same time reflect the imperative to give this issue the attention it deserves.
However, this is contrary to the stated will towards the general objectives of decentralised action plans, particularly at the level of local authorities and agricultural regions.
It is also not permissible for a public institution to have copyright in public documents.
If Parliament approves this week the Commission's proposal for discharge from budgetary control, the European Commission should not consider it a blank note.
This will at most result in more bureaucracy, less influence from local democracy and less involvement of the population in the choice and implementation of projects.
I sincerely hope that the contribution we make here will help us to really witness these changes here when the first draft of the Commission's report becomes an official report soon, on 1 March.
The prior approval of the financial auditor for each budgetary division shall only be deleted when it is demonstrated that the internal control system of a given department is fully satisfactory.
The Commission and the Member States should also be encouraged to support projects that can contribute to establishing a road of understanding and partnership between the various peoples of the region.
We cannot be content to remain behind the scenes; we must be the protagonists in the first person, without entering a collision path with the United States, as Minister Gama said.
I hope that the next visit by the President of the European Parliament to the region, as well as by the presidents of their interparliamentary delegations, will mark the beginning of a stage characterized by a greater level of initiative and a more visible presence of the European Union in this complicated and difficult peace process.
The Commission will fulfil its responsibility in Tampere to submit proposals for the adoption of common definitions, incriminations and sanctions in the field of trafficking in human beings and the economic exploitation of migrants and the sexual exploitation of women and children, with particular emphasis on combating the use of new media and, in particular, the network for the dissemination of child pornography.
Over generations, Ireland has sent its sons and daughters to safe places around the world, but now that the Celtic tiger is providing wealth and prosperity that exceeds our expectations, we are revealing a very dark angle of our character.
For our political leaders, it was somehow a shock to see that we now have to take in a share of the refugees who have been coming to the European Union for a long time.
Objective: Measures to cope with the continued ethnic cleansing of Serbs and Romaniches in Kosovo The NATO Defence Ministers' Assembly issued a strong call (2.12.99) for an end to ethnic cleansing of Kosovo's minorities.
He told us that there will be an altercation in Lisbon on a more dynamic and competitive development.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must challenge the world's speculative elite, their privileged right to direct the planning of the world economy while staying out of tax systems.
But with Haider and his men, it is the clearly racist, anti-Semitic and xenophobic far right that would be promoted to co-leader of our Community.
All measures taken should, in our view, have the dual aim of condemning Haider without isolating Austrian society.
This teratogenic effect was demonstrated by a single English laboratory, but possibly the only one to carry out tests.
If we look closely at the decisions taken at the Helsinki Summit we will see that the agenda agreed there is not satisfactory and does not ensure the substantial changes that are essential to create a more functional, more effective, more democratic, more transparent Europe.
The low turnout in the European elections should indeed be a sufficient warning sign for all.
I would also like to thank the head of the delegation to the Conciliation Committee, Mr Provan, because, as Mr Langen said, there was a struggle in the Conciliation Committee.
I should like to say, however, that this is, and has always been, a very modest budget, so the financing for this programme is more figurative than real.
We know that in the Netherlands there are officially authorized treatment facilities which deal with the collection of unused vehicles.
First there was Minister Trittin, the Minister for the Environment, who did not properly consult with his cabinet colleagues, then there was Chancellor Schröder who, like an elephant in a porcelain shop, got involved in the procedure.
In fact, it is when women have the opportunity to demonstrate their true fitness by removing as much as possible the barriers to the specific nature of their situation, and not in the context of a conflict where they will give the impression of going over to the assault of men's privileges, that they will prove their interest in facilitating the erosion of their professional careers and will be able to modify balances that are still too unfavorable for them.
I'm glad the driveway didn't get the best of it today.
The waterfall of confusion and precipitation unleashed on Austria blends everything in with its purpose, greatly disturbs citizens of good faith and presents dangers that have not been considered.
The CSU MEPs have no sympathy for the FPÖ leader, Jörg Haider.
The Commission's communication takes into account the need to follow approaches which include the full adoption of economic and social infrastructure measures.
Given that persons with disabilities do not constitute a homogeneous group - for example, many hearing-impaired persons are considered to be a linguistic minority who are denied respect for their own language and culture - it is important, as provided for in paragraph 9 of the motion for a resolution, to ensure that certain sectoral development partnerships can be defined as partnerships aimed at a specific discriminated target group.
With this triple objective in mind, these families, these people, these European citizens will play a more active role in Europe, which I consider important, since after all, cities will increasingly be the stage of European life.
And above all, and I end with this, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we must be able to declare all this in an accessible, clear language, leaving aside the jargon we use, because we cannot ask the Europeans, who are living in times of profound change, who are concerned with our cause and who feel motivated by our action if we continue to use a completely hermetic language and if we continue to turn our backs on them.
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is going to be able to take the necessary measures to ensure that the European Parliament is able to take the necessary steps to achieve this.
At this moment we are called upon to choose, for the coming decades, between a Europe perhaps less prosperous but a destination of peace and civilization for the whole planet and a Europe perhaps more opulent but without prophecy.
Instead of cultivating hobbies, we would like you to do your normal day-to-day work.
Firstly, Mr President of the Commission, I think that if your two predecessors were primarily concerned with developing an internal market and introducing a single currency, you are essentially responsible for developing the whole value of citizenship that is at the heart of European construction.
However, the French delegation of our group cannot accept that the Interreg initiative is, for the Commission and the Federalist Party, diverted from its mission in order to further undermine the political role of the nations.
At first we were a little undecided, although we regret it, but I have now come to the conclusion that the moment is quite appropriate.
From the point of view of the Commission, which is a little more self-centred, I would like the Commission to have a face in the spirit of the citizens, and the men and women who make up it to be able to meet with the citizens as often as possible.
Objective: Implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu dam in Turkey Given that Turkey has recently been granted candidate country status, what is the Commission's view on the human rights implications of the construction of the Ilisu dam in view of the massive displacement of Kurds and other populations in the region that will result?
The answer is that it is smuggled or produced by the Swedish people themselves, which, as Mr Andersson knows, is an extremely dangerous and harmful process for health.
Mr Commissioner, can you give us a reason, from a public health point of view, why there is a difference in taxation, for example, of Scotch whisky and Bordeaux wine or of my Bavarian colleague's beer?
There is obviously malleability in demand, it is a case of price malleability in relation to demand.
We also want to emphasize that it is imperative, especially in regions with a serious water shortage problem, such as in my country, and especially in the islands, that basic water storage projects are financed, increasing not the cost but the quantity, mainly through the collection of rainwater which is now wasted and which flows into the sea and causes soil erosion and all the problems that arise from it.
Social rights should dictate economic choices and not the other way around.
We should seize this opportunity to put an end to the last colonial success in Africa.
It is not surprising that the altercation is long and difficult.
Many are familiar with this famous phrase from the conclusions of the 1993 UN World Conference on Human Rights.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it was not necessary to end the Kosovo conflict in order to conclude that, after several wars in the territory of the former Yugoslavia with their numerous negative effects on the stability of the Balkan area, a comprehensive and lasting strategy for the whole region would be needed to ensure peace and stability in southeastern Europe.
Second, the debt or, where appropriate, the public surplus amounts to the denominated surplus of the public administration sector's need or ability to finance the SEC 95.
This basic principle of liberalisation, of strengthening competition, of creating more investment opportunities, together with the prudence that consumer protection advocates, was the principle that determined and inspired my group to take a position on most of the controversial issues discussed here.
The Green Group/European Free Alliance, of which I am a member, believes that Commissioner Margot Wallström should commit to helping the affected communities, both economically and with environmental technology, in the enormous hygiene effort that needs to be made.
Mr President, I did not want to make a direct reference to the minutes, but to a communication we have on the table today, in particular on the cancellation of the Conference of Presidents open to members on 23 February.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the prospect of liberalizing traditional domestic postal services raises the inevitable question of what the postal services will want to see as their core business in the future, that is, what the postal services themselves will still want to do - what we will want to do together in an international context - and what they will no longer want to do.
In the smallest village there is a post office, and in e-commerce, mail will later be much more in demand because many people order goods through e-mail and web pages and also send invoices, etc. through this way.
All of them have been available on the Commission's website since August 1999 and the Commission will be pleased to give copies of these studies to all who request them.
In so far as this is possible, with all the advice we have and all the design skills we have, I am sure that we have or will install on the basis of our proposals a system which guarantees the Union, its taxpayers and this House total security.
Finally, Mr Javier Solana, I would like to ask you why we have such a busy policy planning and early warning unit in the Council Secretariat if we are to be caught off guard by another humanitarian disaster.
We will set up a crisis centre at Commission level as an operational technical area with the centre dealing with these types of situations in the High Representative's policy unit.
The up-to-date figures on the scale of the disaster are frightening, as the Commissioner has already pointed out: about a million people are displaced, more than a hundred thousand people on the roofs of houses or on the tops of trees waiting for some helicopter to rescue them.
I would also like to congratulate Mr Hudghton on his report and support the amendments he made to the original proposal on the issue of compensation and incentives for the production of a vaccine.
Before we rush to duplicate the Norwegian slaughter policy, we should try other measures to see if we can mitigate the disaster.
The closure of all this will undoubtedly be the urgent adoption of measures to mitigate the damage done and to prevent its recurrence in the future.
Thanks to the mobilisation on the ground, which our House followed up with the organisation of an altercation and the adoption of a resolution on 20 January, a first set of measures was announced.
The use of benchmarking methods and best practice, recommended by the Commission, in turn requires a great deal of openness at European level in areas which are not part of business secrecy.
The growth in the media, mobile phones and computer programmes has failed to compensate for the loss of jobs in the telecommunications and electronics industries, nor for the effects of the rationalization of information technologies in other economic sectors.
First, they will look at the best way to equip the European Union so that it can cope with the broader effects of globalization of trade.
During a very recent spot check in the eastern part of Finland, 62 heavy vehicles were inspected by police and technical inspection authorities.
All right, everyone will send their own chocolate bar home.
In fact, when certain communications and espionage systems are condemned, we must guarantee the rights of the citizen in the face of new European institutions in development, certify the rights of the citizen through parliamentary control, but also the rights of the consumer in the face of new techniques of marketing via the Internet.
The moral of this story is clear: in order to compete in the global market, organic products must be at least as efficient as alternative products, because only then can they go beyond the market segment they already occupy and penetrate the global market.
In July 1995, Strasbourg was sighing under the smoke of summer.
The fight against acidification, eutrophication and smoke formation requires a reduction in emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, ammonia and volatile organic compounds.
We should express our gratitude to the Estonians and Latvians for having managed to maintain the necessary calm despite everything and for being receptive to our assertions in adapting their legislation to European standards.
It is up to politicians to ensure that Europe has this high-income infrastructure that enables the supply and demand for high-quality communications services, from the telephone to the television to the personal computer.
The problem of possibly encrypting the situation of juvenile offenders can be dealt with later in one of the many reports this Parliament can produce.
There are, however, two faces to this political narrative of war and suffering, and I think we should try to better understand the causes of the conflict between Russia and Chechnya so that in the future we can help to end the bloodshed more quickly.
What is strange is that in the European Union we still have little idea that we also have this means and that we really should also refuse entry to Serbian football thugs, who are people who also take the most horrible advantage of the Milosevic regime.
But on the other hand, contrary to the Haarder report, which we are voting on this morning, the report in question is radically demagogic and lacks legal rigidity.
We should not start the legislative process on the grounds of suspension but on the grounds of adaptation to the new rules agreed jointly.
We want to show them that it is not compulsory to suffer in a confrontation that runs through the entire budgetary process, as in the tragedy that took place last year.
We must not forget that many Europeans are feeding, as it were, the oil of this terrible plague of the year 2000.
In fact, there is a phenomenon of habituation - dare I say it - in the consumer who, once present on television, in the hospitality channels - even here in Strasbourg or in Brussels - in all the magazines, in the windows of the kiosks, of pornographic incitement, is necessarily led, sooner or later, to seek, as with drugs, ever stronger sensations.
And from a political point of view, you should think about the significance of the fact that we are offering this candy even more to the Council.
Unfortunately , there are an excessive number of champagne delegations .
Otherwise, Internet users who, while browsing, inadvertently land on a child pornography page could also be subject to criminal penalties.
It's like putting a fake label on a product, since the formalities don't match the content.
The first impression is that, at the level of the media, there is now a kind of joy in Turkey in relation to the European Union.
There are some colleagues who shout at the microphone - although the microphone is exactly what prevents this from happening - and at this point you hear almost nothing from the headphones.
A domino effect .
The strategy implicit in pension funds is essentially aimed at draining savings into financial markets.
On the other hand, citizens should enjoy the same degree of trust and protection in transactions, both online and offline.
In all this, the use of e-commerce, the network and new technologies must be a good platform for action.
The danger of a Europe of free choice is that the basic idea of European cooperation is empty of content.
The right way is not to ban, but to create incentives, to create supports, when airlines, for their part, put at their disposal modern fleets that consume less carbon and produce less noise pollution by reducing emissions.
This new and impressive, when Africa and the European countries meet on a new and shared plan and look ahead, rather than being stuck in colonial times, presupposes a democratic and reconciled South Africa.
Objective: Precarious employment and job loss in Spain and the region of Murcia The Lisbon Summit made a commitment to full employment and quality of employment in the EU.
Clearly, this synthetic euro included currencies such as the Italian lira, but the logic is the same if applied in isolation to the powerful German mark.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the launch of the Soviet Union's first artificial satellite in 1957 marked the beginning of unusual research and at the same time the beginning of a new era for humanity.
I just heard that a delegation from the Municipal Assembly of Munich, capital of the federal state of Bavaria, is in the hallway.
The posture is easy.
We cannot say exactly what the situation is at the moment, as a total media blackout is in place as part of a set of restrictive laws passed in May.
However, in the case of the white gambit, now included for the first time, the 24 millimetres long shell appears a bit excessive and could cause problems for fishermen.
The company in question has transported thousands of visitors here in the last ten years.
We've seen their pain and we've seen that terrorists don't just naturally target people who kill, they end up killing their entire environment.
Or in cases where the words were accompanied by acts, such as when a stone was thrown and an aerosol containing an acid was used against the President of the United States.
The expressions used, such as light, ultra-light, low tar content, etc., are incorrect.
And if we compare the impositions we are under under in the case of mad cow disease, how can we imagine that nothing is done about the 500 000 deaths per year from smoking in Europe?
The current basic Regulation provides that all companies are required to provide information for statistics on the classification of goods and to use the combined terminology, which comprises more than 10 500 subdivisions.
In this regard, it makes perfect sense for the European Parliament to take a stand, since it has always declared itself a hero of democracy in Latin America and elsewhere.
At the beginning of the 1990s, a major scandal broke out in Italy when criteria were released by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Ministry of Health which concealed the true data on overdose deaths: of course, it is more convenient for politicians to say that a young person died in the street of a heart attack than to acknowledge that he died of overdose and therefore also as a result of the policies applied.
This dramatic disappearance of men and women who, like the two young Guineans who died last summer on the way to a European plane landing, put all their hope in Europe, cannot help but arouse the most intense emotion.
The proposed extension of the directive to a new range of businesses and professions seems both dangerous and embarrassing: dangerous because it can threaten the privileged relationship between lawyer and client, which is essential for ensuring access to justice in civil society; and embarrassing because, in theory, this directive can now reach the jewellery industry in our area.
In particular, the Political and Security Committee, which will replace the Political Committee, should gradually become the mastermind of the CFSP, with the support of Javier Solana.
From here on, union, according to the old saying that union makes force, is the only way to preserve, in the future, these cultures, these identities, in the face of the multipolar world that is developing today and that we see everywhere.
Fourteen Kurds were suffocated in the basements of a boat that caught fire in Patras.
Non-EU countries, for their part, saw their movements trapped in the Schengen scheme and the picture of zero immigration.
Now, when I hear your speech, I have the impression that I have been invited, not to a session of Parliament, but to an elegant and lively colloquium.
It looks more like a reproduction of the 2000 budgetary procedure.
This means that the Commission spends the money of European taxpayers to handle the population.
According to multiple and agreed sources, it is undeniable that this global disregard for all telephone signals has already had considerable economic and commercial effects, to the detriment of European companies such as Alcatel and Airbus, which have lost large markets to American multinationals, beneficiaries of insider information obtained fraudulently and criminally.
It is only through sweetness that we would dare to designate as a safe harbor the stronghold of the immune monopolies whose very rapid formation, expansion and unlimited action is facilitated in the pure imperialism of cyberspace that is being announced.
Only people who have no ideas never change their minds, so it would be strange if the Commission had no room for manoeuvre.
This is not the case with the Mufti's plan for the COREPER programme, who have nothing to say because they would have to say that they agree with Parliament's sensible proposals.
The oil-for-food programme provides that all imported goods will have to go through the scrutiny of the exemption committee; contracts worth millions of dollars are blocked for years for fear of double use: medicines, spare parts, sanitary equipment and graphite pencils cannot go through.
The mode of transport we are talking about here, short-distance maritime transport - short-distance maritime transport - has a reputation for being a mode of transport that can - in more than one respect - offer a solution to the problems facing the transport sector, such as the occupation of vital space and pollution of the environment.
Training should be able to be provided as complementary training, for example, or workplace training.
The action plan in favour of Albania, to which you refer, is an action plan for Albania and the neighbouring region of the High Level Working Party on Asylum and Migration, adopted by the General Affairs Council on 13 and 14 June.
Nor was it by chance that the same Tony Blair proposed the free dissemination of the decoder, anticipating a double advantage: on the one hand, for the economy, and, on the other, for the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
The digital revolution will clearly open up new ways of exploiting audiovisual works: on-demand video, for example, online.
We don't have to be the first to pull the gun.
The mechanism in place allows for the progressive modification of a list of priority substances every four years, namely the priority substances whose quantity will have to be reduced and the dangerous priority substances which will have to be eliminated.
In my view, trying to safeguard the environment by simply stopping the growth of the aviation sector and the airline industry is not a valid option that we can consider.
To proceed otherwise would mean a waste of resources, because the development of a new tyre sample takes on average three to four years.
The introduction of the safe doping logo and an indication on all pharmaceutical products would be a good measure, and a more active prevention policy would also be a positive factor.
I remember your time as a great speedster and my satisfaction that there was someone from a European country who could break American dominance.
In order to accelerate dismantling operations, the European Union is supporting the design, construction and licensing of a tank for the transport and storage of spent and damaged fuel, derived from the operation of submarines and nuclear icebreakers and currently stored in primitive conditions.
To all this is now added a bloodbath in the rural community of La Unión, the third in three years.
Much attention was drawn to hardware but little to this computer program called training.
And this puzzle goes through the revision of the Dublin Convention, through the decision we have today taken to propose a directive on minimum standards for the common asylum procedure, and also, including, the technical preparation work for the Eurodac system, which has not stopped, which continues and which, of course, can only be put into practice when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
We were forced to move forward with it, and there is no better example of this than the altercation we had about the so-called targeted website, which is a contradiction in terms, since the Net is a point-to-point indicator for the network, and to argue that a page can be directed to one and not to another is proof of language ease, commercial absurdity and technological illiteracy.
I would also ask the Council and the Commission to consider in their work whether it would be sensible to consider this reimbursement mechanism which the Palace Commissioner has included again in her proposal to amend this report.
Mr Moscovici, it is indeed a little monstrous that the Heads of State and Government want to define the rights of defence against the State.
The results of the negotiations have so far been disappointing and negative: as far as we know, there is not yet a single point of the 75 unanimous votes on which there is a total agreement, and for the first time in Italy, a recent report indicates that one of the most important regions, the Northeast, is declining consensus on Europe.
Let us all applaud Romania for the Olympic gold, silver and bronze medals it has won in the last two weeks.
It is very important, then, that this is not a flag of convenience, but that all the measures prescribed in the acquis are in fact applied, so that security is written in capital letters.
Target: Condemned to death by stoning Maryam Ayubi for adultery Is the Commission aware that last July, Maryam Ayubi, 30, was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery under the Iranian Penal Code, based on Islamic Sharia?
This is certainly the case with a proposal which aims to put an end to discrimination on grounds of sex in this directive and which provides for the use of a tie only for male staff.
I know that to go from a military posture to a maintenance posture, it takes a force capable not so much of triggering the violence of its weapons to capture a target but of controlling that violence.
Mr President, we cannot talk today about Croatia without associating it with its neighbouring country, Serbia, where the population is finally freeing itself from the authoritarian group that rules it.
On the other hand, it is time for enhanced cooperation to disintegrate Europe's unity in another direction, to lead us to a mosaic of intergovernmental cooperation.
If we want to improve - and that is our purpose for implementation - then we naturally need these places.
In other words, at the table of the European House, some could choose by letter, but others would have to take the day's food.
In particular, we are thinking of sending fuel to that country for gasoline engines and for heating, not only to keep the plants running, but also to power the urban heating plants.
Mr President, Commissioner, I congratulate you on the debate on climate change in Europe and in the world, which gives us an opportunity to recall the real cyclone that has swept much of Europe.
Finally, as regards international cooperation and the exchange of information, the Commission is organising a workshop on endocrine disruptors to take place in the first half of 2001 and to be sponsored, inter alia, by the World Health Organization.
The objective should be a single payment area, where cross-border payments should be subject to the same conditions and costs for internal transfers.
In Berlin, the Albanians were almost swept off the table, they were not considered, and in the 20th century they suffered a lot under one of the most terrible ideologies of the 20th century, that is, under socialism and communism in a particularly ferocious version.
Mr President, I shall raise my voice to denounce the injustice we have just heard, an injustice, as we have heard, which has been going on for 12 years.
I can, however, say that the final balance was undoubtedly a great spectacle on the part of the Council, but that the amendments we proposed and which this House approved by a large majority were not, in their essence, accepted.
Without neglecting the fisheries, Madam President, I take the view that we, the three interveners, will work together to ensure a positive development in the future.
At a time when institutional change is committed to the adoption of the Charter, all those who, like me, aspire to a European Constitution and believe that the Charter can serve as a framework for the preamble to that Constitution should demand that the European Parliament vote on its content as part of its normal parliamentary intervention, that is, its deliberation on the substance.
Two concrete proposals were also adopted, namely the round table on globalisation and the 4300 fellowship programme, totalling US$25 million.
A good example of this behaviour is the attitude that EU Member States continue to have towards immigrants from these and other countries, creating in many of them a sense of insecurity and the threat of expulsion, not granting them the same rights as other workers, and maintaining a favela of second-class citizens, victims of modern slavery.
It seems to me essential to have a European-level think tank composed of representatives of NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament, who would participate in an annual round table.
The documents now released are, therefore, nothing more than a smoking gun.
I can assure my Irish colleagues that the proposal on the vineyard is being made with full knowledge of the Euro wine directive and that it is likely to go in the direction of guidelines similar to those already in force in many of the current Member States of the European Union, as Commissioner Vitorino explained.
The experience we have had and still have today, particularly in the Balkans, shows that Europeans - thanks to their historical experience, rich in conflicts, their understanding of subtleties and sometimes of rural areas and clashes between communities - can develop valid and respectable knowledge and methods of conflict management.
Commissioner, we have a directive on end-of-life vehicles.
In this regard, history teaches us that it is dangerous to regard the goal to be achieved - however noble and worthy it may be - above the established rules.
And my question is why don't those people choose Marseilles or choose God save the queen as a melodious anthem of hope in something new, and turn back to a regime that many colleagues called inhuman, criminal, etc...
For a living artist, who sees his quotation consolidate and thus his production revalue, what counts is the buyer's dynamics and his sales potential.
We know how to stand as firmly in our position in favor of a mode of culture as the Americans know how to stand firm in their protectionist system for sugar, tobacco, gum or dairy.
Will they perhaps consider deleting their respective websites or pursuing their users, who will continue to download files from offshore sites?
In my opinion, reading the morning paper on the coffee shop floor is totally different from reading it on the computer screen in the study.
In contrast, the privateers, to use a derogatory but realistic term, are in an advantageous position in this competitive world.
I should like to add that I contacted the Commission in August to ask for clarification on a specific comment on the report which stated that in August there would be some comments from SMEs in the form of their response to the report.
Since the Union as a whole is a global fisheries power and one of the largest markets for fishery products, it is important that it announces and assumes a role corresponding to its importance in the framework of international organisations and specifically regional fisheries organisations.
A sound, multiannual plan for the recovery of cod which includes technical and realistic conservation measures, a defence period for cod breeding areas and the dismantling of the largest and newest fishing vessels would certainly be more sensible than a plan which would allow for the continuation of industrial fishing in very limited areas and potentially lead to the bankruptcy of half of the Scottish fleet.
Among the many missing persons are former Interior Minister Youri Zaherenko, former Deputy Speaker of Parliament Victor Gonchar, and Russian filmmaker Dmitri Zavadski.
A car in a garage poses no danger; when used improperly, it is like a weapon.
We 're waiting for the so-called catchup effect .
How can a one and a half year delay in adjusting and adapting the Annexes be justified when there is a possibility for a scientific committee to notify the Commission, for example, of the introduction of a new hormone into the list set out in the Annexes?
It is clear from this point of view that the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is primarily concerned with creating favourable conditions for investment by the bourgeoisie of the imperialist powers.
I propose that instead of speaking very generically, as you have done so far, you put forward a concrete proposal in this context of reflection on the altercation, in which the Commission, based on the work carried out by the University Institute of Florence, proposes simplified, simple and understandable treaties which will prevent President Havel from having this bag of treaties, labels and annexes in his cabinet.
The directive is also negative for the consumer, as it does not preclude the consumer from paying twice, the first time when buying a CD or a DVD, the second time through a fee.
I am reading the English text and after the phrase their own past archive productions produced or commissioned the following should be added: no later than December 1996; continuing afterwards with: by them under their own editorial command .
It took a lot of work to get to this point, and so I would first like to thank Neil Kinnock and his staff for their hard work in preparing these documents.
In this regard, do you consider appropriate the altruistic and responsible attitude which the new Fine Gael leader in my own country took in reducing his Ard Fheis to a Dublin conference in order to ensure that Ireland is not greatly affected by this problem?
But talking about tuna in the North Atlantic necessarily implies taking into account what is happening in other regions as well, for example, in the Azores autonomous region, where we have just registered in 2000 the second year of a virtually zero tuna harvest.
This morning, Commissioner Patten gave us a clue as to how we should proceed, and I ask the Council of Ministers whether the imposition of the embargo is really essential to achieve the objective - which my political group fully supports - of preventing Iraq from arming itself with weapons of mass destruction.
It is not in vain that the interlocutor we have today is the fourth group in the world ranking in these subjects and also has a very significant growth potential.
Structural aid to the rural world, for example, is covered by the green box and should not continue to be the subject of disputed negotiations within the WTO.
Regarding his commentary on teachers and students, there was a very famous man from the Neapolitan theatre - he was Neapolitan but also Italian and European - who said that the tests never end.
I do not know whether it is possible, as the honourable Member proposes, to extend this initiative by also opening up a discussion room.
Even if someone is willing to pay for such a device - it is not a large sum, but roughly the price of a calculator - in practice this is not possible.
Personally, I do not think that with Amendment No 7, which proposes that we have an absolutely universal system of microchips in accordance with the ISO standard, we can expect all animals equipped with a microcircuit to have this universal variety in the early stages.
The following method must be bottom-up: in other words, political decisions must be taken somewhere, but they must be implemented not from the top down, but on the ground.
The labelling of precautionary warnings - going as far as comparative indications, for example, that one glass of cognac equals three glasses of beer, as I understood from Mrs Stihler's amendment - is of little use to me.
Mr President, I recall that at a very early stage, even before the action plan was on the table, we had a conversation with the Commissioner in which we said that the Sixth Action Programme should be a short document - like a filipina - with clear priorities and objectives.
However, in my opinion, all this can be expressed in a much more objective, direct and precise way.
We also want the Commission, in cooperation with the automotive industry, to investigate ways of designing safer and easier-to-use airbag systems.
In the present case, it was a question of whether we could provide adequate support in the legal proceedings between Pernod/Ricard and Bacardi, respectively, a Cuban-European detention and an American-European company.
The issue of silicone gel breast implants is a sensitive one and, as many speakers have said, this alteration was necessary for a long time.
The 1996 Convention on the compensation of losses resulting from the maritime transport of harmful and dangerous substances and the 2000 Convention on Civil Liability for losses resulting from pollution by hydrocarbons transported in basements are not applied nor even ratified.
There is, therefore, a missing link between the government agreement and the rebel agreement.
In 1998, the breakdown of a dam in a Spanish mine had very serious ecological consequences.
But the question is this: even when the results of this importance are reached, the major international summits cannot communicate with the movements known as Seattle and, above all, cannot meet this deepest, most widespread and most tacit security demand among citizens, the underlying base of an iceberg whose tip is represented by the varied world of protests.
It is precisely now, at the most decisive moment of the final race, when enthusiasm and unity of aims would be most needed, that the Poles, like many others, are beginning to reflect, think and question whether the sacrifices required, the so-called costs of membership, will not outweigh the advantages, the possible and future gains.
Subject: Violation of competition rules in the sale of digital discs The DVD market is divided into two distinct zones, one for Europe, the other for the United States and Japan, which makes it impossible for European consumers to buy DVDs from areas other than their own where they are recorded, the prices are lower and the distribution is faster.
The British Conservatives voted in favour of the Watson report to send the message that we will fight terrorism without carcasses and, in particular, to show solidarity with our colleagues involved in the current fight against terrorists, particularly ETA.
I am convinced that if cooperation between the police had been implemented effectively and respecting individual rights, if free movement had been a real right, a priority at the same level as freedom of movement of capital, if the Charter of Fundamental Rights had entered the DNA of all of us, the worst events in Genoa might not have happened.
I think that we should not cling to an outdated position and at the same time deprive ourselves of freedom of choice without any added value, because a European opt-in solution does not eliminate waste (e-mail for direct marketing purposes not requested by the subscriber), because much of it comes from sources outside the EU.
We are now facing a growing phenomenon called data transmission - breaking into computer systems and stealing large amounts of credit card details.
Finally, we must not forget that the Internet is becoming mobile, and e-mail is an example of this.
We know that 11 per cent of electricity consumption - 10 to 15 per cent in other countries - if we take into account the budgets of the private sector and the public sector - contributes to the fact that power stations are operating completely unnecessarily, because there would be other possibilities besides support.
Secondly, because a revision of the Stability Pact would be a sign that we intend to place this burden on the shoulders of future generations, which does not contribute to increasing confidence; and thirdly, because if we loosen the fiscal policy that the Stability Pact implements we will prevent interest rates from falling, which is what the Americans are doing.
Mr President, any family living in a brick hut in rural Africa without access to clean water, electricity, a hospital or a community centre is absolutely devastated to learn that one of their loved ones suffers from one of the following three diseases: HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis or malaria.
It has since been observed that an average slow runner exceeds the limit value seven to eight times and that even walking on a street can violate these rules.
I have an excellent option: I have a filter and I have a turnkey .
We have highlighted some very precise messages, which the Commission will take into account, since we have the same objectives and there is a harmonious alliance between Parliament and the Commission.
It seems to me that in this House, in the area reserved for spectators, a patrol has been organized to support Mr Schulz, although in this House, as in the assemblies of all parliaments, the public is forbidden to applaud and speak in support of this or that thesis.
Mr Wiersma suggested that this was a favourite hobby of the Dutch.
The rough comic strip published in Zimbabwe's state-run newspaper The Herald highlights this sinister message by drawing a true caricature of Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change, Mugabe's major opponent in next year's presidential election, portraying him as a mere flatterer of wealthy white farmers and Western powers in his own country.
Europe must continue to be a shining, multifaceted diamond with its own diversity and identity, because only then can the European diamond shine in the sky of Europe.
In this century, every shot the Americans shoot, as the poet Emerson says, will resound around the world (to go around the world), and if we cannot appeal to a broader concept of American interest and feed it, we risk the threat of a new military millennium.
A way that will contrast with the past, when Mr Rothley was working alone and efforts were being made only to reach an agreement that would eventually bring some price to a presidency.
Mr President, as a member of the Committee on Budgets, I would like to stress the fact that Europe must not only be a payer but also, above all, a player.
If it wasn't for the Americans, we wouldn't even have the little pipeline that goes through Azerbaijan and Georgia.
They want, after the next 1 April, to allow the arrival in Europe of old, extremely noisy planes equipped with a soundproofing case.
Mr President, on a point of order, Mrs Emilia Franziska Müller, before taking the floor, wanted to state that the fact that the list of speakers' names on the screen was broken may explain the possible lack of comparison.
Mr President, when we saw on television on 9 November 1989 a crowd inebriated by democracy throwing themselves over the Berlin Wall, we felt the heart of history.
The European Parliament's resolution is a tribute to anti-people policy and for this reason the MEPs of the PCG voted against it.
Without the promotion of a credible European defence, Europe is still a slimy sled dog who is allowed to jump alongside the American bulldog.
The best example of this is perhaps the case of the Eurofighter, an aircraft which has become operational with years of delay, which has exceeded its planned budget by billions of euros and is in fact obsolete.
Mr President, we are now going to examine a completely different subject, which forces us to adapt our minds to the new issue.
The system of limited exclusive powers has become an unlimited self-service establishment for European policy, and with the Lamassoure report we want to radically change this unsustainable situation - the motto is to order, systematize and make it understandable.
The Danish shipyards are already being laid off because they cannot compete with the giant state support in South Korea.
In my view, it is not right to deviate from the basic argument for and against the prohibition of marketing to a much more esoteric and intricate altercation of WTO legislation.
As far as fisheries are concerned, the proposal concerns fresh and chilled fish of certain species, such as goldfish, codfish and codfish, but also smoked fish and salmonids.
Since child labour is neither a hobby nor a game, I hope that both FIFA and the industry will be the first to make football a truly fair game for everyone.
It seems then that this altercation on biofuels has somehow put the ball in front of the bulls, in the sense that it is more of an agricultural problem and that it would have been more sensible to start by waiting for the evaluation of the Agenda 2000 to be completed, that is to say, for the midterm review to be given the final edge, so that we could know in what direction to actually guide biofuels policy.
I was a sailor and this evening I saw him in a dream, together with his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, steering a sailing boat in a stormy sea.
President Bush sometimes likes to play the role of a cowboy on the international stage, but he risks turning his own peacekeepers into thugs.
The recent attacks, as well as the recent discovery of a chemical laboratory to produce explosives and lethal substances and the existence of a tribal-influenced zone between Afghanistan and Pakistan are other signs of a dangerous situation.
This political ploy is both anti-democratic and repressive.
He wants, as they say in his billboard, box office successes that earn more than $1 billion a year.
Mr President, the report by Mr Cederschiöld, which we have just voted on, concerns a Council framework decision to defend ourselves against hacker attacks on information systems.
In short, I believe that Parliament has contributed to improving the proposal for a framework decision aimed at responding to cybercrime by seeking to approximate the criminal provisions of the Member States in order to ensure the full criminalization of attacks on information systems and by promoting police and judicial cooperation in this sensitive area.
Other ministers criticized dynamic modulation insofar as it actually implies a real and progressive reduction in support and because the model, excluding franchise and leveling, does not sufficiently take into account existing regional differences.
The Commission is aware of the current alteration on the possible repercussions of the use of low frequency active sonar on some cetacean species.
The problem is that the decision to bomb Iraq, turning it into a morgue that doesn't even serve the dead, was made a long time ago in the Potomac.
Please allow us to combine these two matters!
We also know that a drone capable of spreading biological and chemical weapons has been discovered and that fragmentation bombs have also been discovered.
In this Community salad, we can find a new task force in favour of employment and a vote in favour of broad, more concise economic policy guidelines and recommendations on economic reforms, which should eventually be accompanied by specific deadlines.
I think this is not the best time to transfer the American brigade to the European Union and to make ourselves even more ridiculous than we have been about the Iraq issue.
This is the time to show that the Sakharov Prize is not a scholarly, sympathetic award, not a moment of brilliance like the Hollywood Oscars, but represents a commitment of the European Union, through its Parliament, to the cause of democracy, human rights, freedom worldwide.
The camera was making increases on the various parts of the women's bodies.
He proposes that we have an economic czar to deal with the euro area's relations with the world around us.
That's the boundary of complexity.
With outstanding themes - for which an evolutionary clause is pointed out, that of the meeting - it makes sense to look for solutions that allow us to get out of the problems we have.
The supply of Cardhu's single malt has declined.
This anti-globalization slogan could serve as an epigraph to our altercation.
I'm sure you'll remember clearly the lobby and the altercation over plant pots, beam disc packaging, grill boxes and makeup containers.
I often compare the process of European construction to the saga of discoveries, about which a great Portuguese poet of the 16th century, Camões, said that we traveled by seas never before sailed.
Parliament also called for the immediate replacement of the current traction system by a push system and for the negotiation of an international agreement providing for real guarantees for European citizens and the same legal protection that is granted to American citizens.
There are various applications of HFC, from air conditioning systems to tennis shoes soles and artificial aerosol snow, for example, which the press made a bit of a stir at Christmas.
As far as the term baron is concerned, there is a problem which, I admit, is linked to the Spanish parliamentary culture.
The question therefore arises on an institutional basis: are we an independent political grouping or are we a tractor attached to the American truck?
At a time when the generosity of people throughout Europe and the rest of the world towards the victims of the tsunami is evident to all, it is inexplicable that this Parliament is allocating a considerable sum to a programme of events and receptions in support of the European Constitution.
Just as it was right to set up the minimum wage to combat the problem of poverty wages, now is the time to put an end to excessive hours of work, which are a form of violence and exploitation of workers, increase stress and other health problems and are detrimental to family life.
They attacked me; they called me a thug; they told me that I had behaved with a football club supporter.
I hope it wasn't the Scottish accent that came up.
According to the world 's largest security software company , the world faces a threat of unprecedented proportions stemming from new viruses coming from third-generation mobile phones and increasingly sophisticated spyware being installed on personal computers .
The influenza virus is an ANA virus and contains eight genes.
This means that there is an urgent need to modify the vaccine production process, and it is also clear that we could work much faster with cell cultures such as the mononuclear phagocyte system (MPS - ).
Only a European Union with a single foreign policy, which makes full use of its own capabilities, which follows the same tablature and has made structural fragmentation a thing of the past, will achieve this goal.
In the last few days, unfortunately, there have been statements by the Basque nationalist government and the Spanish socialist government aimed at extending the red carpet to these terrorists so that they can parade through it without any problem at their next congress.
Mr President-in-Office, it is noted that Mr Exa draws very well and is an excellent mountaineer.
We are deeply shocked that the next World Cup is being prepared ignoring not only the construction but also the commercial promotion of a venue that some even dare to declare to be the world's biggest brothel.
It is quite certain that Europe's linguistic uniformity, which includes English as a popular phonetic soup, will be met with a multilingualism which the European Parliament would do well to teach itself.
In view of the multitude of threats that regularly affect these regions, from tidal waves to volcanic eruptions, earthquakes and cyclones, and now the reactivation of mosquito-borne viral hazards, such as chikungunya in Réunion and dengue in Guyana, overseas populations expect an adequate response from Europe in terms of safety, prevention and solidarity.
In good Portuguese, another example of how the one with the nails is the one who plays the guitar, or how the different number of deputies from each country, with the supremacy of the countries of Central and Northern Europe, is decisive in this federalist parliament to challenge the interests of the Mediterranean countries, where more than 90% of forest fires are recorded.
It was just as legitimate to condemn the initial conquest of the Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah, and then, above all, its grave decision to retaliate against the bombing of Lebanese cities by sending missiles over Israeli cities, thus committing crimes against the civilian population, as it was surprising and revolting the green signal given for long days to Israel to continue this terrible war.
Moreover, economists estimate that the price of a gallon of oil, which currently stands at three dollars, would need to remain at ten dollars to integrate the cost of sanitation and climate change.
It would also refer to information and communication technologies that use optical and rotational states and allow additional information compression to be handled with blue light and biotechnology, including research into DNA and bioinformatics systems.
(EL) Mr President, the recent decision of the Council of Ministers on the imposition of anti-disposal duties leads me to make two crucial comments.
I have another question: does the Council not agree that we are apparently creating more and more agencies as if they were sprinkled on the Member States, so that each State has an agency instead of only having one when it is really needed - not so much this one, perhaps, but many of the others that have been created?
I shall then reply to the honourable Members Heide Rühle and Evelyne Gebhardt on the problem of PPPs and the concept at home or internally.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October 2006, which mentions the closure of an Internet diary created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual.
It seems to me that this is not a matter of parliament getting its hands on it, raising support.
This has a lot to do with the fact that, in parallel with the process referred to by Mr Farage, there is another process under way, which is the outsourcing or procurement of services to external suppliers, which prevents the creation in our various countries of the social basis on which a correct social model for a strong Europe can be built.
Subject: Duty-free sales under the new rules on air safety
As regards this point, why have we not yet considered the possibility of building a major transit airport in the Pacific, a regional hub?
When people are exhausted after a long day's work, it's easier for them to resort to fast food than to the effort of cooking. They want to drop on the couch in front of the television, eat fries and drink a soda; and their children imitate their behavior.
Companies should be able to gain public partnerships even if they do not have an environmentally sound vase of flowers in front of the factory gate and even if the menu of the dining room does not include alternative dishes.
There is also the question of VAT, the intra-Community fraud that enables the single market, tax dumping and our Baltic friends who take advantage of their flat tax, their flat tax to gain an advantage.
The rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I regret that the live night show Transport is not a favourite of the Council, since I wish to address the Council in particular.
In view of all these changes, the presentation of the report may not be wonderful, but I hope that the message is clear: Parliament wants concrete measures, not delays.
We often read about cases of violence against men and women because of their sexual tendencies, or we witness fallen arms to increasingly common episodes of serious moral harassment in schools, which may even lead young people to commit suicide, as recently happened in Italy.
But it is clear that once these requirements are met, the new scheme will allow manufacturers of those parts, in particular for finishing and not only, access to the single market with a single certification.
We all hope that there will be more debt forgiveness, and I more than anyone else, and you are quite right in saying that it is just a shot and that countries, if they want to honour their commitments, will necessarily have to increase, in real and absolute terms, the amounts they spend on their development aid policies in the coming years.
Madam President, to tell you the truth, it seems that this afternoon we actually have a number of sitting generals in the House!
Another aspect that perhaps interests some people even more, without fungicides and herbicides to protect and cure grassland diseases, many golf and bowling fields will become infested with weeds and will no longer be usable.
The C-SIS has also undergone a major update with the full commitment of the French Republic, which I would like to thank.
We have just introduced the euro as an internal reinforcement programme for the internal market and we already have the Lisbon Strategy, despite all the reservations and problems that may accompany it, as a fitness programme to prepare us for global competition.
I would also like to see an interim review of the roadmap for equality between men and women, which contains many beautiful words but for now no regulation on the horizon.
So we want to connect the wires on 1 and 3.
But instead of trying to calculate when the data gives us enough evidence to conclude that the engines actually meet the emission requirements, and all the proof-of-hypothesis, I think I could use the same data that we used in the last video to now come up with a 95% confidence intervention.
So if you randomly take a T value from this T distribution, that has a 95% chance of being within this distance of the mean.
After all, not only were they from the Sacajawea tribe as their leader, chief Cameahwait was their own brother.
And I can assure you that 99% of the kids in the classes eat meat, dairy, or eggs.
Either you're seeing an animal or you're seeing food.
You don't need a business expert to come to this conclusion.
What's the number one cause of food joy among babies and children?
And I guarantee you, what people will tell you when you say you put gas in your car.
When the tow truck arrives, the herds of cows will roll.
People, if you want more information, you can email me at james@arff.org you can visit our website to get all this information at www.arff.org
You can give them more control over the price, which is what Radiohead did with the online release of their album pay-as-you-go.
When Microsoft Kinect came out, the motion-controlled plugin on its Xbox game console immediately caught the attention of hackers.
Hootsuite understands this challenge and has partnered with Global Relay, a leading corporate archiving provider capable of maintaining compliance on social media.
This means that messages from all your connected social networks can be easily reviewed by the company's compliance crew and industry regulators.
After configuration, any team member who posts using Hootsuite will have their messages automatically archived in the Global Relay system, offering sending solutions for their social media.
The partnership between Hootsuite and Global Relay provides a comprehensive overview of social media messaging and easily integrates your social media archiving with existing email and conversation archiving.
So four, almost five years ago, Proposition 8, the big altercation on marriage equality,
Last year, you worked at a regional art museum, helping to structure its collection and making guided tours of visitors.
So you wrote him an e-mail and found out that the cousin of the photographer's wife is publishing a sustainability magazine, which hires a writer who plays on a baseball team with a referee who, you won't believe, is an organic farmer.
Sounds like a funny comic strip, but let's look at the online search I did.
Couldn't be the guy asking if the explosive was too tight.
Imagine Bell sitting in the outpatient ward, the students around him, the patients signing up for the emergency room to be registered and brought in.
Bell says, "How was the crossing on the Burntisland boat?"
When it is published, a series of wiki pages will be launched simultaneously under the WISER label.
These funds are to philanthropy what venture capital funds, private equity funds and eventually mutual funds are to investments, but with a smaller one because a community is often formed around these funds, as happened at Acumen and elsewhere.
Xigi is a new community page that's built by the community,
Words like philanthropic capitalism and natural capitalism and philanthropic entrepreneur and philanthropy of danger .
The Vietnam War was going on, the Civil Rights Movement was going on, and the images had a tremendous influence on me.
I saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, especially visual journalism, can shed light on the benefits and costs of political policing.
With no political will to find common ground, the continuing friction of manoeuvre and counter-tactics only creates suspicion and hatred and revenge and perpetuates the cycle of violence.
A mosque in northern Bosnia was destroyed by Serbian artillery and was used as a makeshift mortuary.
One of the things I had to learn as a journalist was how to deal with my anger.
The next day I went to Rwanda and it was like taking an elevator to hell.
NATO forces advanced and the Serbian army retreated.
I've been working on a major plan on crime and punishment in the United States.
One day, in rehab, I started talking about surfing and all those guys who had never done pranchism said, "Hey, let's go!"
Wait for the device to start and then use the router setup sequence on the HBUS computer board.
About 200 miles an hour before a circular .
In a hunt, we have an ejectable chair.
If there are fewer pages to show than you have on your website, make sure we can find and track your content and that it offers value.
If you recently purchased your domain, it may have a poor presentation because it previously contained problematic content or spam.
If you think this is the case, then you're going to want to make a connection to the webmaster tools, add and verify your new website, and then submit a request for reconsideration, noting this information.
Adding a navigation bar or a menu is a clean and popular way to improve navigation on websites.
Select the paper clip icon and attach the image or file.
A link to the image will be displayed. Enter your message and select the networks where you want to post that message.
So we're going to use the same code essentially, actually let me just move and paste,
And that's part of the circle.
We can sell you a franchise of this for $3,000.
Images of people running through the streets of New York and Washington, chanting American chauvinist phrases, waving their flags as if they were members of a cult, raising the death of a human being, reveals another angle of this disease that we call modern society.
I can see that Valencia's electron carbon is going to be one, two, three and four. And to get to the eight electrons, you have to get to the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth.
Looks like a cookie.
Just to be clear, this isn't class web programming, it's computer programming engineering.
But I have to say, for those of you who have had a positive opinion about it and you're, you're kind of working around the difficulties and having with us, we really appreciate that.
And my hope is that we're gonna have some interviews with some computer programmers and mini celebrities here in the Bay Area.
Because it's a big planet, there were people coming from the continents who made it look very different and far from each other, and when they met again, the cruelest thought they were superior to the others, it was a massacre, and now the degenerates dominate everything.
So we can compare and contrast the great ideas.
By the way, this is how we develop and develop strategy at Autodesk, in some of our organizations and some of our divisions.
It 's top of the line .
The cost of taking the pencil and marking the X is greater than the possible benefit of the decision , which is why we 're capturing this effect .
You have benefits now, but when the sun comes up they won't make it easy.
I'm sure you'd love to cool off.
You are so self-centered Meier!
Spatial thinking is deeply connected to the way we understand much of what surrounds us.
Siftables are an example of a new ecosystem of tools for handling digital information.
We started to realize that one of the interesting implications of interaction was being able to use everyday gestures as information, like pouring a color the same way you pour a liquid.
The vectors when you get closer, they get bigger and bigger, and let me give you an increase in it.
I'm gonna make a nice little marshmallow jelly so you can give it to all your friends...
The water over there has boiled, now just spill the jelly, take the water out a lot and I'll take it for the fire to melt.
Marshmallow seems like a super cool, modern thing, but actually, since the Egyptians they eat marshmallow in candy, did you know that?
Listen, if you happen to make some money through this, we'll gladly accept it. (Laughter)
Given that his tomato storage decreases by 176, how many tomatoes will he have left at the end of those three days?
It was built by a team using freewheeling hardware.
All the green spaces we create are a convincing way for non-human beings to coexist with us.
It's got this layout: buoys floating in the water, projecting one metro up, one meter down.
And we can also send a digital message to the fish.
Your user profile is what other members of your organization see, and you can easily change it by selecting the pencil icon next to your name.
Japan and the [inaudible] post can have incredibly high growth.
Graphical user interface is a fancy term for new screen layout
Well, I've got my sets now, so I need to upload my commute program
The remaining timer will use the last cycle timer information to display the remaining time in a program
The new configurable user Operating Timers and Equipment has been added to the current commands
No change to display warning message different screens added quick-help key
...accurate reports from witnesses say that the people affected acted as if they were in some form of trance while killing and eating their victims, authorities are ready to examine the bodies of some of the victims.
Physio Radiance is a fully hypoallergenic, anti-aging, and cutting-edge unisex skin treatment that teaches your skin to self-regulate, self-regenerate, and self-repair.
Oh, my God, this guy can tighten the bow. Maybe there's something about him.
This maneuver will be so fast that we can't use position comments to correct movement during execution.
Pass the mouse over the tweet and click the reply arrow.
You have to be connected to the network continuously for 45 minutes, which is how long these tests take.
You can think of DNA as a huge library of information, information that's used for one thing: directing the construction of different protein molecules.
A usable sanitation system is crucial to creating acceptable hygiene conditions.
And so, once again, stop the video if you don't want any more tips.
But that guy could only see, well, how many green hats are there and how many purple hats are there?
Deep down, we've figured out a way to color tissues and paint the surgical field.
There's a new reality show on television, and it's called The Room... I should write in blue... but it's called The Room with the Blue Forehead
So I took a pack of orange soup and poured it into the glass to take this photo.
If you write, I know, emotion and structure, you get 10 pages of results.
And I think it's a good tool for you to have in your case if you've never seen it.
It's not that he's making peace with you or your neighbors.
I don't understand why anyone would be fierce.
No, isn't it the gate or the Golden Gay Bridge?
My friend talks about it all the time they use the word gay like anything else you don't just say, hey, you're gay! kiki is that stupid because you'd be so bad with someone else?
Little do they know that people are bad and they don't want to suffer moral harassment.
She's sitting listening and the next thing we hear Homer saying is that, but as for supper, what could be less attractive than what a powerful man and goddess would spread before them as soon as a party groaning for them would first plan their vicious crimes.
The tobacco room is too strong.
After starting my company, Interface, from scratch, in 1973, 36 years ago, to produce slate boards in the U.S. for the corporate and institutional market, and to take it from its early stages and survival to prosperity and global dominance in its field,
They started describing me as the greenest CEO in America.
No amount of advertising, no intelligent marketing campaign, at any price, could have produced or created such a goodwill.
And I myself met this person in the early days of this mountain climb.
And that can't be done without free resources that can't be built without a community that can't contribute if it doesn't have an efficient anchorage.
Next to Luca Alexandrovich stood Fedyushka, with her father's racket on her head.
This robot is equipped with a camera and a lightning scanner , a laser scanner .
See, before you could sell a record for $10 or $16.98 as a fucking record because there was this mystery about how it was made.
If I made a movie with a story like that, they'd say the script was wrong, that doesn't happen in life.
Just renting that firm cost me $5,000.00.
Wow, that's got a moment, huh?
Early example: The Sugarhill Gang sampled the bass chorus of Chic's Good Times on the 1979 hit Rapper's Delight.
So in 1961, William Burroughs not only invented the term heavy metal, the kind of music Zeppelin and other bands would explore, he also produced a primitive remix.
Dazed and Confused contains different lyrics, but it is clearly an uncredited version of a song of the same name by Jake Holmes.
I thought it would be an interesting idea and incorporated it into a design workshop.
It 's a blog where you can see how to make marshmallows jelly .
The most remarkable thing is that he said that he had kept leaf cuts from all my childhood, if I won the spelling bee, in the second year, walked with the scouts, at the Witch Day parade, won a scholarship, or any of my wins in sports, and used those cuts to teach intern students, medical students from Hahnemann and Hershey medical schools.
They were able to conquer much of Egypt thanks to superior military technology such as brass weapons and compound bows and fireflies.
So you can imagine that if we're really enlarged on the surface of the heart and we're looking at the tissue of the heart muscle, if that person with that heart needed to go for a slow run and that heart muscle cell needed oxygen, they probably wouldn't be able to receive the oxygen needed because of the stenosis that caused the ischemia.
A treat to say he's stealing them.
Imagine each of these different varieties with each other like a poodle and a grand damani .
I know this puts me a little bit of a jerk, but... (Laughter)
The sport of bait digging is almost the same as fishing, when a snail is not very interested, and that you can have everything for yourself today.
I think you can justify that one worm for every three thorns you turn, if you look well between the grass roots, as if it were bark.
I saw the roach earlier in the woods behind where my house is built, and probably still heard his complaints at night.
I took the pill in which the three I particularly described were struggling, took it to my house, and put it under a glass in my chest window, in order to see the question.
I could hear the common splash of water when it came, and so did they detect it.
Digging one day for worms from the fish, I discovered the peanut (Apius tuberosa) in its string, the aboriginal potato, a kind of fabulous fruit, which I had begun to doubt if I had ever dug and eaten as a child, as I had said, and had not dreamed of it.
As the wasps, before I finally entered the winter quarters in November, I used to stay on the northeastern side of the Walden, that the sun, reflected from the pine field and the stone shore, made the fireside of the pond more pleasant, both and wholesomer to be warmed by the sun while you may be, than by an artificial fire.
These are the little compressed air guns that contribute to making the crack ice and scream.
I had ended up sinking my head over it when the bells rang, and in haste the hot engines rolled that way, led by a straggling company of men and boys, and I among them above all, for I had jumped the stream.
There, away from the street of the village, and except at very long intervals, from the whirlwind of sleigh-bells, I slid and skated, as in a large well-trodden backyard moose, covered by oak forests and solemn pine trees bent with snow or full of hangers.
That night, a Weston scout came to the Concord hunter's cabin to ask for his hunting dogs, and told how for a week they had been hunting on their own from
It's almost as if you'd seen a wild creature when a rabbit or parrot burst out of the distance, just a natural calamity, as expected as butterflying leaves.
Mania is a distinct period characterized by a strange and persistently elevated disposition, expansive or irritated, and abnormal and persistently elevated activity or energy
I often see the phrase that's all over the place that says,
It's a good example of the kind of things we do, we take a strange and seemingly incomprehensible neuropsychiatric syndrome and we say that the Freudian standard view is wrong, that we have an accurate explanation based on what we know about the neural anatomy of the brain.
It is the dependence on agricultural subsidies, the existence of lower-ranking schools and higher poverty rates in rural areas than in urban areas.
My favorite is Bunn's Barbecue.
So, just like in the Granovetter model we're going to have a limit and there's going to be a limit that I rise up to, but it's going to be a little different.
Okay, training and health, if you want to get a group of people out of society, even to become healthier, that's a lot like a permanent ovation.
I loved that feeling, and I started skating when I was 10 years old in 1977.
The weird thing was that there was a liberating side to it all, because I didn't have to protect my championship record anymore.
Each one of them, you look at them, you can see one of them, and they recognize us right away.
We can hack into the Linux kernel, and make it more stable, right?
Such common diseases as depression, trauma, and phobia are not often detected in prison screening, and once in prison, the chances of getting proper treatment plummet because the system doesn't have that capacity, and because the environment is more punitive than rehabilitative.
When you jump on the train the lines aren't incredibly long, when you go from the supermarket, when you go for dry cleaning, isn't it incredibly crowded, nor is it particularly empty?
And this formula right here to solve any quadratic equation is called the general formula of the second-degree equation.
Or have you ever asked a store clerk to check for any special items in the system?
Now he's filming his classes from a modified closet inside his room.
It's even harder in Edinburgh because we have to count all the whiskey and tartan.
Shorts and a shirt?
Usually, we're so bombarded with constant requests from other people with this device, that we shut down the Internet connection in our calculator for a certain pre-defined time, so we can work a little bit.
This is Buster assembling a flexing machine in the office of his new company Habit Labs, where they're trying to create other apps like Health Month for people.
We had to hide them from our industrial designer until she accepted the job, and then she almost ran out screaming.
People were literally fighting each other in front of the freezer, you know, in front of the fridge section of your local store because they wanted the old coke back.
Will religion be compatible with science?
There's a ReverseSpeech.com page where I downloaded these things.
These parents weren't afraid to tell the teachers what to do and control to see what they did.
The pump is the battery pump at the bottom and produces the most severe sound.
This dignified cycle begins to take off.
The other tool we're going to use is the DOM Shoot library that can take a graphical snapshot of a specific DOM node.
I'll leave my old cipher down here so you can compare it a little bit, but then I'll erase it because I don't want the same thing to be rounded twice.
So when you put that wardrobe (#), it essentially comments on that line.
But casinos and the raffle operate every day on this principle that if you have enough people -- surely, in the short term or after a few attempts, some of them can win the prize.
The typical plant food actually has over 1,000 units of antioxidant power, but for comparison purposes, just to be fair to animal foods, I'm going to pick the least healthy plant food that comes to mind: our old, well-known American iceberg alfalfa, which I think is basically just water.
And actually, these free classes don't just have to be on the Internet, but they could also be made available on DVD, and so anyone with a digital disc reader could always have the best teachers.
Don't tell me a boy isn't important, and I'm going to use a somewhat reckless expression, armed with an internet-connected cell phone that's nervous about another boy.
Well, maybe you didn't realize the part where I saved you and Father Geppetto from a bunch of angry Russians.
Knewton is an adaptive learning and data mining platform that allows anyone, anywhere to upload content.
One of the revolutions we're going to see is that education will be less and less about content transfer, because this is going to be a basic product, and I hope one day it will be available to anyone around the world.
Open your notebook and find out for yourself.
Calculator: It's a very profound notion to know that we, as women, are at the forefront of this.
This is all to cheer up our spirits, left-wing liberal skepticism, pseudo-Hollywood Marxism like Pelican's Brief, All the President's Men, which can seem very critical, you know, like,
And I just wanted to ask if you see this as a change of tactics with your legal time dealing with your possible extradition to Sweden?
Then we fill another electron, and later we'll talk about circles and other things like that.
Gregor realized that he should not under any circumstances allow the manager to go away in this state of mind, especially if his position in the company was not to be put in greatest danger.
She did not find him immediately, but when she noticed him under the couch - God, he had to be somewhere or another, for he could not fly away - she was so shocked that, unable to control herself, she knocked the closed door, once again out.
Now it seemed very clear that, having assumed that they were listening to a beautiful or amusing violin training, they were disappointed and were allowing their peace and tranquility to be disturbed only by education.
In the hallway all three of them took their hats off the seat, pulled their sticks from the cane holder, bent silently, and left the apartment.
Now the reason, of course, of all this equipment that you have in your office, everything that beats and all the sqweeee (keyboard) noises where we're sending information through the device using sound.
I've got water in my mouth now and we're going to make a lemon juice too!
And today on the show, I'm gonna make a vanilla cake filled with lemon...
Now I'm gonna take a Swiss sigh, put it on the cake.
And I'm about to show you a slow-motion movie that I made recently where you can see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the course of an hour.
Look, don't touch my branded pants.
And she turned her face to the transmission panels of the railway window and looked out into the gray-storm rain that seemed to go on forever and ever.
Then they passed a church and a parish house and a little show or so in a house with toys and candy and strange things set up for sale.
She had just taken a break and was looking at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind, when she saw a bright scarlet and heard a bright chirp, and there, on top of the wall, Ben's front pole
Sometimes they were images of dark, curious landscapes, but more often they were portraits of men and women in queer, large suits made of satin and velvet.
Yes, they're tiny growing things and they can be maple or winter bells or narcissus, she whispered.
He was very pleased to see gardening started on his own property.
It's the strangest house anyone's ever lived in, said Mary drowsy, as she dropped her head on the cushioned seat of the chair next to her.
The film broke box office records, proving once again that women can star in big-budget movies.
She had started her business crouching in an abandoned garage, sewing sheets and aprons that she would take to markets around town so she could support the 12 or 13 family members who still counted on her to survive.
Apple launches the iPhone in China and censors the Dalai Lama as well as other politically sensitive apps, at the request of the Chinese government, in its Chinese app store.
Stern, a German news magazine, had its application censored because Apple's maids found it a little too sexy for its users, despite the fact that this magazine is perfectly legal to sell in kiosks throughout Germany.
Now in China, we have the great security barrier, as is well known, which blocks Facebook, Twitter and now Google+ and many other foreign websites.
You can see the basic HTML here with the form. And the input password and the send button and we have a programming script here where we start our javascript running.
This map can help us see the expansion of Egyptian power during the 1830s, when Muhammad Ali's rule was at its height in, say, about 1840.
I could be a duck with a shadow!
Looting Rome became a hobby for the Barbarians, and the Vandals, thanks to their extraordinary ability to destroy and violence, gave us the word vandalism...
Now that we know the tweminology of aldehydes and ketones, I'd like to describe in this video a reaction mechanism to create one of these compounds.
Tumblr, SoundCloud, an early YouTube, whenever people express themselves, make art, news or organize protests, there's an abundance of TV images, movie clips and music with mixed copyright inches.
If we could put these molecules in neurons, these neurons would be electrically conductive with light.
I look at them and I think, yes, we can take this idea much further if we allow people to set goals, calibrated targets using elements of uncertainty, using multiple targets, using a remarkable system of implicit rewards and incentives motivating people to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use all these sophisticated mechanisms of motivation and group work.
Rejected no, because it was white enough and white bread and so on... and it was amazing to see the quality of the altercation that came out of it, the things that came out of that little boy's mouth, and you'd think this little boy would really do something important if he didn't die before scurvy.
One missing piece of the puzzle is that our species has an extraordinarily bizarre recent history.
The stance of a petulant actress in front of a curtain of theatre and smoke, the flood of trinkets and dresses, the dizziness of the wigs... ... is over!
Blogs, he had the inside of the blog. to the company where he would complain about maybe spoiling the company and he had a public blog that he was talking about technology.
I'm going to start by telling a story, or for those of you who love Monty Python, a sort of sketch of Monty Python.
All they had was a front screen that had numbers and a red button that said, "Stop".
What if it was a security patch for an intermediate memory burst, that Windows doesn't have just one, but several?
Let m equal the length of the middle platform. m half (or half) and then make b equal to the length of the shelf below b to bottom - shelf below.
But what about the temporary menus that put your district?
And just to make the integration limits make a little bit more sense, because we know that 1 is less than b, we're going to swap them.
When you or your team are working on a machine learning channel system, it can sometimes give you a very strong signal, a strong orientation, where parts of the pipeline can best employ your time to work.
So, in other words, we have a set of test images and for each test set image, we have to run it through the text section, then character nation 7, then character recognition, and we can find that in our test set, the accuracy of the whole system was 72 percent on one of the metrics chosen.
Similarly, a more famous crowdfunding system, Kickstarter, last year raised $320 million in project funding, a remarkable, remarkable number!
It started with a big central computer like this, surrounded by a bunch of stupid terminals.
And this happened because of thousands of innovations by hundreds, maybe thousands of companies that dropped the price and improved the efficiency of broadband and speed of microprocessors and wireless, storage, and everything else, to the point where we no longer think, at least in the developed world, how much time we spend doing this or going to do that.
If you take your laptop calculator and crush it in front of another 50...
Thus, by simply ignoring the research, the board can reach a conclusion that would otherwise seem inappropriate.
I mean, what you want from a frame book is not to make things more complicated, it's already complicated enough.
He's brave, like a cowboy should be, and kind and smart, but the only thing that makes Woody special is that he'll never give up on you.
Hold it God frees me to show it to him cracked his forehead safe stick hates his son
That's why we offer teachers prizes if their students pass the big tests that are used to evaluate the quality of school systems.
She only got a part-time job because of her back, so she didn't earn enough to put food on the table and take care of her family.
This is a German shelter.
So the DNA goes in and collides with this blue, rosquin-shaped structure and it's separated in its two chains.
He wore a dark brown velvet coat with a tall, black, linen-coated throat appeared over his neck.
Then the finest end of the Fearenside whip came to his property, and the dog, screaming in despair, retreated under the wheels of the wagon.
You're a doomed rum customer, sir, said Mr. Jaffers.
The bar attendant leaned his fat red arms over the counter and talked about horses with an anemic carriage driver, while a gray-haired black-bearded man, Burton, drank and chatted in American with a police officer on leave.
The glass of whiskey leaning on you.
He walked to a closet and produced a dark scarlet dress.
These people have no way out, and as we assimilate this difficult issue, it's important to remember that slavery, including sex trafficking, also happens in our own backyard.
There's no perfect pickles, only perfect pickles.
We're going to monitor a wardrobe, and in this example, we're going to be the international snack, Five Guys.
What made you forget love case with shiny and fireworks by
I was asked to make a poster to be placed in New York City subway carts for a year.
Right, or if you're re trying to decide you know exactly how many cookies to buy the bakery, you know maybe you just sort of pick a dozen or something like that.
This is good for street racing here
No, not the shortcut, I was right not the only shortcut
I think this ability to take real-world phenomena and turn them into something a microship can understand is the most important ability a person can have right now.
Millions of Netflix subscribers watch various movies and TV shows on Nintendo's Wii console.
One option is the fast food fetish .
A second option is the sexy geek option .
Last year, we didn't have a single Catarian filmmaker.
Imagine the endless cruelty that the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel have inflicted on the inhabitants of another corner;
And the screen mounted on the head, known as jacaré vision.
They don't understand the host's basic relationship comments.
UCP is sometimes called the brain of the computer because it processes information and executes commands.
You can add a Portuguese-language video board to get better graphics performance, or you can add a wireless board to connect to your home wireless network.
First of all, there is a long history of aversion between science and law in American jurisprudence.
If you take a look at what's happening in the online world, here's a video from Clarified Networks that illustrates how a single family of malicious software is able to move around the world.
They have seven tentacles, 14 very funny compound eyes and a brain shaped like a lizard.
You know, hey, Home Depot, can you have some pink polypropylene, six and a half million square feet?
There are also three ports on the top of the phone, a headphone jack, a Mini USB connection for charging and connecting PCs, and a Micro Sim slot.
The People's Center is a great place to see how social networks have actually been integrated into the phone.
In this exercise, we're going to add a virtual sequencer that will control the packet input driver sequencer.
The catchup question goes like this:
There's one player and there's two players.
There are unsolicited mail programs that insinuate themselves, trying to turn every item into an advertisement for Rolex watches.
You may remember the Star Wars Boy, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball catcher like a laser lightsaber.
I can't believe you almost did with your demo and I haven't written a song about your best friend.
This is a pH probe.
Zero is a steeper slope than this negative ramp here.
One questionnaire that I sometimes give my college students is to say, I think of five coordination games that you have to play every day.
But if we are a very optimistic little one, who blindly hopes for the best, we may find ourselves in a bad situation when we land.
And a cookie that we'll talk about soon.
The problem is that the way you remember which page you're caching is by the URI that refers to that page.
White is just a kind of bluff, it's just a bluff of the mind itself.
So a dialogue between a Tupi-speaking Indian and a Portuguese-speaking white man from the time of discovery for us Brazilians was Greek.
That sounds like a cliché word.
If you jump a ping-pong ball out of a pool ball, the pool ball will come back and this one becomes negative, whereas if you plough a pool ball into a pool ball, it goes forward.
For example, think about our evolutionary predilection to eat sweet or fat-filled things like jelly.
As he spoke, there was the sharp sound of the horses' hulls and the wheels against the half-wire grid, followed by a sharp pull with the bell.
Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for a moment, for I was not sure when he might come, and the ticket was so good, and served me so well, that I would not risk losing it.
It's my hobby to have an accurate knowledge of London.
A vegan diet was first introduced after the 2000 test in Helsinki.
That's how it's done, and that's how we transferred our knowledge, technology and knowledge to the Iranian government's space program.
We put it inside our little function box, and we need to get to our exit.
This thin allocation of 20% surplus energy is enough to allow rich hierarchies to be formed, work specializations to develop, and large architectural works to be built.
This bestseller, and all his literary heirs,
We're working hard to reduce the pollution that's forming here in Los Angeles.
We can actually put together microprocessors and have this as an idea and create soft-sound music made by ourselves.
This issue came up, I think the username is Minoctu and they corrected me, this could never be something like a 2-propyl-heptane.
Responsive web design is basically a way of encrypting with a single base cipher for multiple devices.
Now, when we're talking about encoding a specific version of the site for each of the different applications, what's going to happen is that you go to the work environment version of the site that they call the full site on a bunch of sites that you start a single version of the site.
Just like if you go to the Louvre, you can buy a mouse rug or a cup of coffee with the Mona Lisa, you know, something that's 500 years old.
So here's a screenshot of the search for a flight, where the specified restriction didn't yield any possible solution.
To celebrate this new partnership, I re-read a smoothie that's out there on the Tastemade channel, but I made a milkshake at I Could Kill For Dessert.
In 1932, industrialist Bernard London circulated a pamphlet entitled
If the match is false, the flag is zero, '1 - hit' is 1.
We can determine the tone, height, timbre, duration, spatial location and acoustics of the environment (by reverberation).
The outer circle of the inner core is coated with the conductive (electric) copper reel.
We need to use the tics restart command when setting up.
The Zendesk and Get Satisfaction apps can be particularly helpful for you by taking out a social media message and creating a note or sending it to your forum.
This is natural selection, this is supposed to apply to everything, which aims to explain why we evolved from basic bacteria or, who knows, self-replicating ANA, which I'll talk about more about in the future.
And we chose Karo corn syrup for that.
My friend is a romantic and very shy.
The limo was emptied.
Mother died of a heroin overdose.
In this example, set 1 is a cluster whose influence jurisdiction is the pair of variables A, B. Set 2 has jurisdiction over B and C. 3 has jurisdiction over C and D.
Mrs. Evola, the lady I worked for, sent me to a client's house one day after giving me a laxative richly seasoned with spices.
Is that your mom you're crying about?
I remember a few years ago, I was thinking about all this when I went to see The Sunday Sport, a newspaper that I wouldn't recommend to anyone who doesn't already know it.
With the switch key still in installation mode and the operator doors now open
He seems to be flirting not with his future wife, but her father.
In other words, this quarter-acre hazard had to be reimbursed in a single harvest or they wouldn't take the risk.
The season finale was just blah let me cover my ears I need to cover my eyes
If you're watching this video, the first thing I suggest is to stop and go to businessmodelgeneration.com, and download the screen and print multiple copies.
And this only happens until all the energy in the system is spent, and then, by the end of the game, it's over.
You 've probably seen that phrase on some sticker or outdoors ...
One of the forms of method for castration that I've already talked about, which the Supreme Court attacks down, is the grandfather clause.
These platforms invite all kinds of developers and all kinds of people to come with their ideas and their opportunity to create and be able to target an app to a particular audience.
My first book, a piece of journalism that I made just for the money that I had already bought me an electric typewriter in advance, should have been a sales champion.
Now, I'm not just referring to the area of masculinity and Edwardian-style madness but also areas like the fight against pancreatic cancer there's something addictive about this, and in my case I think expeditions to the North Pole may not be too far from being an addiction.
Nine months after that day on the sloping rock, I had the only blind encounter of my life with an elephant just over two meters in height called Kanchi.
Today I'm going with my kids' garden, so, a little slide, and medium, and ripple and...
It's... until his uncle died, he was able to access the network at the funeral.
A secure browser helps you against threats such as fraud and malicious software, which can steal your passwords - or worse.
Thus, the acoustic model can compensate for the language model deficiency and vice versa.
And then the notion of discharge.
Yo, sick of these extravagant things!
This is the power of derivative film .
When we define the colors of the image, to highlight the dim-level lights, we see that these jets feed a feather that, as we see in other images, reaches thousands of miles in space above Enceladus.
Now we can see the air cushion blowing in and see if it works.
Now, as I'm sure you all know, the popular recreational game called British Bulldogs has been banned in most schools because people say it's very dangerous.
But on the outside, he upgraded the suspension, improved the brakes, and worked with a variable valve control in the engine.
If you put in ten hours on the exam, then you'll probably go, you know you'll study for the exam and then you'll probably take the test and get an A of the course.
Stan, I can't wear these middle-class badges while Karl Marx is looking at me, that's ridiculous.
So a fiber is like its own program.
Or Mistborn-- a gang of thieves trying to steal the Dark Lord himself.
For AIDS research I bought your toys and I still break this iPhone iPad
In the middle of those papers, there was a file called FINFISHER.
I played softball for five years when I was younger.
About 85 meters of my 100-meter race, in all my glory, I lost a leg.
I put my snorkel in my mouth, and I rolled sideways through the boat into the water.
Post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, is a chronic and devastating disease associated with high rates of disability and suicide.
And then finally, I want to show you some reactions that we filmed with the world's first deep-sea web camera, which we installed in Monterey Canyon last year.
Leah her first encounter with Jacob is covered with a veil and is confident that Rachel shines into the world of writing, she remained a woman covered her face, the world covered.
So we see some rough sketches of what the plaintiffs are all about.
They look pretty much like the old guard's joint language.
Ki, that's... a combined 4,000
Whether you're in my field or not, you've certainly heard or read about the decline of so-called three-camera situation comedy and the rise of real-life television.
First, she tried to look down and do what she was coming for, but it was too dark to see anything, so she looked at the sides of the well and realized that they were filled with electronic book cabinets shelves; here and there she saw maps and paintings hanging.
Have you guessed the riddle yet? said the Hatter, turning to Alice again.
But I love this New Yorker strip.
The graph in this slide is an adaptation of Jacob Nielsen's work on heuristic evaluation and what you see is that every black square is an insect that a particular evaluator found.
The turning point was a single instance in time where, whatever long, long balance will be suddenly changed drastically.
Press the tab key to play or pause the video, and press the control to go back 8 seconds.
I'm not saying ah it looks like a 1997 Ford F150 pickup truck, right?
Because this person is the safest person, the rating agencies (who will be entitled to a series of videos) might be able to give you an AAA rating.
What's peculiar is that I recently wrote a memoir called Eat, Pray, Love which, unlike my previous books, was released and for some reason became a mega-sensation, an international bestseller.
Madness is something 500 million people eat.
When I hear the word suitcase, I think of something you can carry around.
Husband: That doesn't look like a loaf of bread, it looks like a roll that I used to eat at my school lunch...
They 're going to have a lot of luxurious meals .
One geographical concept that can help us in a zombie apocalypse is movement.
I'm glad Andersen saw and informed me immediately.
Chris: That's the big advantage of the air barrel. It has a footprint pressure about 33 times lower than the human foot.
That's why it's uncomfortable to wear your favorite Metallica shirt on a hot day.
It wasn't that there wasn't a pet market looking for online supplies.
Lee Jungwoo, live on ~
So if we've seen a square as a kind of independent variable or x term, then now this kind of has the form of polynomials that I hope you're used to factoring a little bit.
Mitzva' of the staff of the roots ('zevet'), and no command.
As for my personal life, I'm going to continue working as a freelancer and I'll probably be doing a new exhibition in six months.
Paul Cohen argues that the West sees itself as probably the most sociopolitical of all cultures.
Is this the edition of T.S. Eliot's The Desolate Earth, or this pre-adolescent tale about the adventures of a troublemaker, a book or an app?
And a lot of research since then has shown that he was literally wrong .
The most common ones are pacifist-style archives: archives that suggest you try to play the whole game without attacking anyone; but you can also arrange in car challenges in GTA; all these incredible archives that I can put into recreating the original God Ex.
After the interview, I told the author that I had moved into that chair.
As in this Transfiguration, where a gorge and a wooden barrier separate us from the mountain where the miracle unfolds... ...here, only land accidents are enough to play this role of separators.
And they're very formal portraits of the way you pose for the royal family and they look powerful, and that's not what this painting is.
A dog that has never encountered capric acid may have no greater difficulty in conceiving its smell than we would have in imagining a horn playing a higher note than one we've ever heard before.
There were three ways to try to make changes in the brain: the therapist's v, the pills, and the knife.
When my mystical part cries like this, without stopping, the warrior turns her eyes.
It's been a while since I've done a video blog for you, but a lot of people have been asking me to do vlogs again.
For example, the Milwaukee coupon program.
Another thing would be a single blush to dye my face for what you heard me talk about tonight.
That graceful spirit has aspir'd the clouds,
Perhaps do against me, this dreadful murder; and here I am, both through defiance and purge
These teachers call themselves bait artists .
Now, when you look at this, this is a complicated map, but you look at it and you think, our it reminds me of something.
We can say that having a virus is a regular thing on the Internet, but it's not that we care too much, or even that if a small amount of money is cheated, it's not what we care most about. We care about any real, real problem for young people.
Last night at two in the morning, I had to go to the bathroom, and yet she made the bed.
Next time you use a contraceptive , thank Emma .
Try the Twix candy, chocolate and steamed cookie.
However, you won't see political creation or the media expressing this view to the public in their daily newsletters although Brzezinski argues as if it were common sense.
In short, I was a crook, a thug for capitalism.
Text manipulator scheme I'm going to use wsgiref, which is Python's default web application container.
I'm going to write, appcfig update to deploy my application and then the nomination application directory.
This is a film with 22 years of hard work, research, discovery and travel in space and time and inner consciousness, and it will be the most important release of information on the subject of UFOs and a new energy that has coalesced in that long term.
To isolate the effect of placement and identify and explain the cause of the roll, he needs to isolate that as a variable saying randomise the order of the search results.
United Fruit didn't like it, so they hired a PR firm to run a big campaign in the U.S. to convince the country, the people, the U.S. citizens, the U.S. press, and the U.S. Congress that Arbenz was a Soviet puppet.
It's two profiles in black, or a white jar in the middle.
What bitter spaces in those marbles with black plaster, which do not cover ashes!
Don't give me that, you've faced a creepy pile of parrot feces.
So they can't hear your intonation or see the tears running down your face, even though, after all, the separation ends up being great for you. That's the challenge Shakespeare faces, and that's the challenge you face every time you write to an audience, whether it's a novel or an ongoing YouTube comment about whether our Gallifreyan is right.
To make the drink, all you need is a little fresh thyme, peppermint, four fresh cherries, stuff everything with a little honey, then you fill it with champagne and ice on top.
He said, Dave, I put your X-ray on the home computer screen.
But then why develop this audience identification on a painting that wasn't created for a church and that Rembrandt kept in his studio until his death?
During the press conference, they had a huge poster behind them.
- Even I think I only picked up the rehearsal when I was a kid -
I can take a thermal bag, like the one you buy at a pharmacy.
Well, the main case, this worthy topic.
And then you can use that, like this automatic rifle was given to your 3-year-old son, which then can actually make the cowboys and the Indians real, and you could go out there doing bam, bam, bam.
So let's call this a false example of data.
The petal of the flower looks like this, so the ant is like crawling over these objects, and if you look a little bit closer at this stigma and this stem, which is the stem of this flower, we notice that it has these little things -- these things like gums, which are the spurs.
So, the first job I'll class with an ArrayList that requires me to add the System.Collections nominal space.
For the time being, LETIS makes the classification method standard by title.
A top ten wasp, right, sequel injection, cross side script, are you vulnerable to any of these things, no, OK.
He developed a survival model for sexual services, (Laughter) broke away from the monopoly provider, in many cases took advantage of local resources, and of course, the option of having between one and three girls at a time allowed him to balance all production.
In this lecture, we will identify some key analytical characteristics of organizations.
This was lightning warfare, a devastating tactic that combines the rapid movement of troops and tanks with the massive use of air power to support infantry actions.
When it was a woman of your distressing that she would tell you Rabbi Shimon pack a refrigerator to lament and go and say Rabbi Simeon
The boxes in our grocery store, the clerk in our factory, the guy who annoys us on the highway, the kind of TV salesman who calls during dinner, all the teachers we've ever had, all the people who've ever woken up next to you, all the politicians in every country, all the actors in every movie, all the people in our family, everyone we love, everyone in this room, all of us, we'll all be dead in a hundred years.
And who's asking me clothes that she has style, she's not going to a Strauss market..
Napoleon said, "Well, I put those soldiers on the eastern front line.
Orville Wright piloted the first plane on a beach in North Carolina.
The second game was a free-style chess tournament in 2005, where man and machine could participate together as partners rather than opponents if they so wished.
And then there 's the self-service bike service .
And we take it for granted, and the toys and the underwear will save us.
That means soldiers aren't needed to patrol our streets.
And she says, I'm matriarch Rachel, and I raise many eyebrows and says Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, a wonderful article that he wrote, Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu's son Zt read his article I saw you not a hallucination