The agenda calls for the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of the Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the minimum requirements applicable to the examination of safety advisers for the carriage of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106 ((COD)).
The resulting diverted traffic has overwhelmed thousands of EU citizens to the point of being unbearable.
A major obstacle lies in the inability and inability of regions and other subjects to schedule on time.
Another example is ABB Alsthom Power's plan to cut jobs in Europe.
Mr President, Madam Commissioner, I have brought you a small gift: here is a buttercake sent to me by a resident of the island of Noirmoutier who writes this: at every tide the beach is covered with heavy fuel that has escaped from Erika.
Without claiming to be exhaustive, it would guarantee at least three points: no cargo or oil vessel will be allowed to dock in a port of the European Union if it is suitable for failure; all persons concerned, including the charterer of transport, are liable for any damage that may occur; and these persons must have sufficient insurance.
This regulation cannot be ignored or circumvented, not even through a so-called non-binding law, as one of my colleagues pointed out at a committee meeting.
In their second report, the wise men teach us that Italy is financed by the Cohesion Fund, that the ERDF and the Social Fund account for two thirds of the structural funds, that the principle of additionality and complementarity of the structural funds are equivalent, that the agricultural pressure group imposes the financing of rural development by the EAGGF Guarantee Section, that the principle of partnership applies only to the Commission and the Member States.
But all of this does not prevent us from seeing that we are relatively helpless, because when the negotiators on both sides fly back to the United States this weekend, we can't help but think that every time a hundred dollars are spent on the peace process in the region, 60 dollars are paid by the European Union.
The scoreboard, or display board, gives viewers the outcome of the game; it must keep up with developments, it must be clear and clearly visible.
There is a risk that there will be in this Community, not a shortage, but an overabundance of charters of rights: national level, European Union, European Convention.
But if we look at the private sector, we see that not only has this famous financial stability not been achieved, but we are probably sitting on a volcano ready to explode at any moment.
If a French company declares that one of its employees has to work permanently in Denmark and only in Denmark, the service-provisioning card should be able to be applied for in that country alone.
Yesterday I was pleased to hear an interview given by the commander of the Kfor which indicated how much better things were starting to get in Kosovo, how much, particularly in the field of security, crime standards had returned to an acceptable level.
To ensure that 50% or more of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, we cannot be satisfied with certain neurological points that will be more profitable in the short term.
This resolution welcomes the initiative taken by 14 Member States to put pressure on Austria by organising a kind of diplomatic boycott.
We had a very tight time in terms of speaking time, and then suddenly, last Thursday, we found ourselves with an empty agenda for an hour or even an hour and a half.
Madam President, this afternoon in this House we referred to a series of reports from the BBC Today programme this morning, in which it was said that some of my colleagues were running private companies that were influential or were in some way misusing their position as Members of this Parliament.
How can we explain to the workers who have been rationalised by the global monopoly that they must be willing to change jobs several times in their working lives, when the great corporate captains, after losing the poker game once again, leave with a compensation of 30 million euros?
This is the fourth aspect of the new development paradigm that I would like to emphasize: development policies are being considered today, especially in recent years, as an increasingly global issue which suffers from a strong lack of international leadership.
This would also involve all transaction costs incurred by the sale of your shares and then their redemption after the market clearance.
The Commission's proposals which we are discussing here allow for the smoothness it needs.
Finally, Mr President, let me remind you that the directive needs a fresh breath to make UCITS even more attractive, but it does not need a European corset to suffocate them.
As early as 1994, in a first resolution in which our colleague Dominique Souchet took an active part, the Joint Assembly was alarmed by the foreseeable consequences of the Uruguay Round, which had contradicted the very principle of Community preference essential to this cooperation.
This question must be answered in view of the fact that the empirical monopoly has already been eroded in fact by all kinds of postal companies as well as by technological developments such as fax and e-mail.
Telecommunications prices have risen as a result of company purchases and sales and marketing costs account for more than 50% of company turnover.
You may know that in Finland, the president is not only a leader of opinion, but also the supreme commander of the armed forces.
We know that UNICE, on behalf of employers, is openly announcing the colour in the preparatory documents for the European Trade Summit in Brussels in June: it is calling on the public authorities to remove all social, regulatory and tax barriers to business development and to invest heavily in saving demand.
The Commission could then choose to align the European standard upwards and extend the ban to all Member States, but under pressure from multinational firms seeking to reduce their production costs, the Commission proposed in April 1996 a directive authorizing the addition of lower levels of vegetable fats.
To satisfy multinationals, consumers should complicate their lives, labels should be creative and reassuring, artisans should create a chocolate quality label, cocoa exporting countries should adapt... and you are talking about a Europe close to citizens, generous, transparent and respectful of cultural diversity!
I fully agree with what he said in the last part of his reply about the need to build capacity in the least developed countries and perhaps the need for asymmetrical measures, resulting in a certain level of protection for their markets which we do not seek to take advantage of in return.
It is up to us, as far as possible - and I am working on it - to ensure that what is generally a good deal between the Americans and the Chinese is also a good deal for the Europeans.
I take alcohol as an example: bourbon and ginger are not treated in the same way as whisky and cognac.
It was announced today that Austrian participants in a jumping tournament in Grenoble have been disqualified - once again.
It refers to the mixture formed by Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, which is already quite an amazing cocktail, but it turns out that this circle never participates in specialist deliberations.
The third point I would like to see included in the minutes is that I am shocked that such speeches can be given in this House and I have nevertheless also found out from the sharp applause of the leader Le Pen that he could still sit in this House when in fact he had already lost his eligibility for being a fair boxer during the French election campaign.
The expansion of information technology is indeed faced with mergers and redundancies.
Technological progress is a formula that's too well known.
In whose interest has this express legislation departed from proven procedures and from the practice of using objective performance criteria for environmental standards?
In the coming years, e-commerce will expand and high bank rates on foreign exchange will have a serious deterrent effect on consumers who want to shop online.
One of the most important proposals is a separation of the audit and financial control functions.
Mr Blair and Mr Aznar, and those who followed them, are prisoners of the old liberal-minded's banalityally conformist archaism of letting the market, particularly finance, flex workers, reducing labour costs, but also stimulating the machine to manufacture inequality, precariousness and exclusion on a global scale.
The attitude of the Christian Democrats will have a boomerang effect on the genetic industry.
I hope that the potential for early warning that many specialists have dealt with is also included in our ability to receive signals earlier.
I would therefore like to get this answer to my question on liquidity management and to know the proposed solution to this problem mainly for small and mediumsized enterprises.
In the Commission's view, such an extension would undermine the credibility of the theme of our proposal, namely to bring banana OCM into conformity with WTO rules as soon as possible.
It may not be contrary to the Rules of Procedure, but it is contrary to fair play and contrary to the proper administration of Parliament.
We have a system which will be operated by users, and tonight, looking to the future, because we are convinced that we will have this directive adopted, I want to point out to the Commission that we need careful and very precise feedback from users on the problems they encounter using this directive.
I think it is above all a business manager's job to draw up a staff policy in detail.
I would like to know whether in some countries trained doctors are the kind of supermen who can work without taking adequate rest and doing so without harming their health or that of their patients.
Mr President, the draft directive on the organisation of working time for certain categories such as doctors in training, seafarers and so-called mobile workers is significant because of the slow pace and the ridiculous nature of social Europe.
We have a succession of currencies whose unidentified character increases volatility.
The positive thing is that we had the money and so we were the only donor who could act effectively, except for a few elite donors - the usual gang - who try to cover up the shame of others by standing up and setting a good example.
Such women are attracted to deceptive offers, such as job offers to work as a hairdresser, bartender, or dancer, or wedding announcements.
Paris-St-Germain now broadcasts, before each match, until the end of the season, an anti-racist video clip that celebrates the values of friendship, fraternity and the pleasures of sport.
We will therefore support amendments that give priority to public health, including those that prohibit descriptors because, whether light, light or mild, tobacco, cigarettes, cigars or chickpeas are seriously harmful to health.
They should be available near cigarette stores and tobacco products so that they can choose between substitution therapy and overdosing on cigarettes.
(B5-0580/00) by Mr Sakellariou, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the attempted coup in Paraguay and the arrest of General Oviedo;
I tell my colleague, Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi, that this is a label she should gladly accept and a badge she should be proud to wear.
Fourteen Kurds were suffocated in the trenches of a burning ship at Patras.
The bonus on the 850 million euros claimed corresponds in large part to the price of about 20 km of motorway in France!
Thus, the LRA, armed resistance, does not hesitate to kidnap seven-year-old boys, subject them to extreme brutality to train them to fight and terrorize villagers.
Because behind the notions of racism and xenophobia are people and their destiny, which should not be used for a political spectacle.
For I do not think, Mr Verheugen, that we can all agree, on the one hand, to elect parliaments, to elect governments, while, on the other, there is still a military establishment that sets political conditions on our behalf for all.
Unfortunately, the European Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee has succumbed to pressure from the Council, which favours with the Turkish regime a principled realpolitik, thus depriving the citizens of that country of the democratic impetus that the EU could give.
Unwilling to turn back and unable to achieve the lockdown, European leaders are trying to make a logical determination of the nomads before they leave.
In this sense, it seems to me that we can avoid the current situation within the Basketball Federation and the things that will happen tomorrow in all other fields and preserve unity, as well as the contact that sport has with society.
Science has always had two faces: the one we discover can be used for our good or against us, from the beginning: the wheel is used to move faster or kill someone; the gun is used to defend or kill; the atomic energy is used to improve our comfort or to make atomic bombs.
I remember when he was a renowned sprinter, and I rejoiced that a European athlete could defeat American dominance.
It turns out that my sport, rugby, is not very popular. The Rugby World Cup is scheduled for October or November.
In this case, one-off measures may be used, for example with regard to taxes on diesel fuel and domestic oil, and especially if these measures are implemented at a general level.
One of the questions is whether the Union can negotiate the strategy for the necessary oil stocks, both on its own territory and with the United States, because it is obviously the decline in American stocks and the relative weakness of their stocks at present that is driving up the price of oil more and more.
This puzzle involves the revision of the Dublin Convention, the decision to propose a directive on the minimum standards of the common asylum procedure and also the technical preparation work for the Eurodac system, which has not been stopped, which is ongoing and which, of course, can only be put into practice when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for the development of the Eurodac system.
I want to reassure Mr. Poettering of my ability to chew gum while listening to him carefully.
We have a responsibility towards young people to provide them with the values necessary to build a future society in which violence and aggression are not seen as a trendy, cool model to be followed, but rather as vile instincts to be categorically rejected.
It may be useful to legislate in certain areas, but we do not need a multitude of narrow bureaucratic rules that discredit European cooperation without producing any real results.
I am firmly committed to the help and support that can be given to these regions and I therefore understand, ladies and gentlemen, the concern here and there in your regions, as in the Objective 1 regions where I visit regularly, about the challenge and challenge of enlargement.
This has enabled us, on the one hand, to raise awareness of the problem, although under dramatic conditions, but on the other hand, it imposes on us burdens which will not only be borne by the citizens, the affected regions or countries, but also by the international community, in order to have recognition of solidarity which I believe must be manifested at several levels.
At the moment, the reality of large parts of Europe is still different: network access is expensive, telephone lines are busy while navigating, surfing is expensive, waiting times are long.
The result: the introduction, almost everywhere in Europe, of a moderating ticket that penalizes patients and a preventive medicine in sharp decline.
The time has come to say, in a reasonable but determined way, stop the absence of women in solving these kinds of problems, so that in the future politicians will be very attentive to the fact that wars are problems that affect everyone and not just men, that women are the ones who suffer the most and that, therefore, they must be represented in all instances where situations of armed conflict are involved.
For my English audience, that's about half a penny a year, and you could say it's a good investment.
Our police force will keep their uniforms, up to the comfortable wool jackets they're used to wearing.
We have no more or less turned the postal user safety net into a hammock in which the major players in the postal sector can continue to wander around and act freely.
Subject: Anti-dumping duty on imports of coal coke in pieces European smelters and the insulation sector use coke pieces with a diameter of more than 80 mm and employ more than 100 000 people throughout the Community, while Community coking employs no more than 800 people.
It is not that of an anonymous murderer waiting for his victim in the dark hallway of his building, or that of violence that terrorizes to force a whole people through fear and blackmail, silence or complicity.
The German magazine Focus-Money recently published a survey showing that 70 percent of Germans are attached to the Deutschmark and want to keep it.
The rapporteur proposes interviewing firms which have not benefited from aid programmes.
The third point concerns a reserve regulation for regions heavily affected by the decline in fisheries resources.
The reference to cricket may seem inappropriate but it is an indication of a determination to succeed; Bangladesh will score well in these international cricket matches, which will be an inspiration to millions in the country.
You know the results of this first discussion, this information has been published, as well as the scientific data that was exchanged during yesterday's meeting.
And in both cases, the lack of arguments on the substance of the issue leads to abandoning the principles of rationalism and flirting with insanity, anti-chamber to any kind of totalitarianism or Stalinism...
I know that you yourself, Mr Prime Minister, are said to be upset by the terrible tragedy of last year, when 58 Chinese nationals were found dead, locked in a container in the port of Dover.
The same applies to very old coastal shipping, which has long been neglected, but is making a strong comeback under the new name of short-haul shipping, if everyone cooperates at all.
For many smallholder farmers, growing coca and poppy is the only means of subsistence.
Mr President, there is confusion about the dramatic situation in Colombia and it may be helpful to recall that just a few days after his election victory - the most important of any Colombian president in recent years - President Pastrana met with the leaders of the FARC, the largest and oldest guerrilla group on the American continent.
How is it possible to justify a delay of one and a half years in the adjustment and adaptation of these Annexes, in circumstances where a scientific committee could have advised the Commission to add, for example, an additional hormone to the list of Annexes?
We therefore believe that the Council should be here, as we have proposed, to explain in what terms the Conference drafted Annex IV, so that this is not a toast to the sun or a kind of launching of a spontaneous or Soviet process without any order.
One of them could be the tequila effect, which radiates from Mexico after the last presidential election, a genuine example of civilization whose beneficial consequences will, we hope, help to shape the new political map of the United States of Mexico.
They're not giant centers of excellence.
We should have better prepared for this latest airstrike on Baghdad and tried to get agreement from the neighbouring countries and maybe also consulted with Western allies.
We admire your country - I am even an admirer of your political transparency, but now I lack the courage to address these important questions of the future.
I noticed when I was traveling through Europe the other day that no disinfectant mat was in place for travelers and no one was checking if I had a ham sandwich in my pocket.
A mandatory advance memorandum is therefore a minimum requirement.
It is therefore with great pleasure that I announce here tonight that there will be a big, biennial show in my country, the United Kingdom, to raise awareness and funds for Africa, called Comic Relief, which will feature usually serious figures who will dress up as clowns in a good mood to raise funds for Africa.
To invent an idiocy, the discussions on liberalisation are going well, but they don't come to an end.
Nevertheless, we believe that the abduction highlights the need to put an end to the violent tensions in central and southern Somalia, a context in which all those who have just intervened have put their words.
Ninthly, due to the rapid evolution and obsolescence of these technologies, budgetary, technological infrastructure and educational monitoring issues need to be studied.
The method to be followed should be bottom-up: in other words, political decisions must be made somewhere, but they must be implemented not from the top down but on the ground.
This is the first time I 've heard that drunk driving is a crime , and even a crime to be punished as a border violation !
I am not sure if I can promise Mr Cox an Irish pub with beer, or Mr Voggenhuber a European bazaar, but as I said in my introductory speech, as Swedish Foreign Minister, I believe in the virtues of a genuine open forum, a convention.
The lack of prosecution of the violence in Elexilo (Spain), which commentators have called a pogrom, is not worthy of Europe.
In addition to these own merits of encouraging good policies, the Commission's surveillance and dialogue with each country to which it has to lead is for us the counterpart that allows the drug regime to avoid being questioned, even by a WTO panel, on the grounds of unjustified discrimination between countries benefiting from the Community's GSP.
In Gothenburg, the future of Europe will not be played in bunker-converted palaces but in the streets with progressive forces.
A real election hold-up has taken place in Chad.
The problem is the difference between the English term copyright and the Dutch term autteursrecht (copyright).
In Belgrade, police watched hooligans unresponsively attack lesbians and homosexuals during the celebration of gay pride, just days after the EU pledged millions of dollars for the region and Milosevic was sent to The Hague.
This type of aid, as you know, depends on compliance with certain economic policy requirements and is part of the IMF's one-year watch programme.
If, after all, the United States of America relies with a cowboy mentality on the right of the strongest, it is not compatible with the idea that such cases must be settled by international legal conventions.
This is the problem, which continues to revolve mainly around consumerism and the wild market rather than common criteria of solidarity and participation.
We are now witnessing a growing phenomenon, known as data breach - computer hacking and the theft of credit card details in bulk.
It is not as sacred or sexy as an intergovernmental conference, but until we have properly defined the mechanisms for implementing democracy and general policies, the annoying and painful administrative details, we are not doing democracy justice.
Mr. Deputy, I have always defended the idea that a gentleman should not know what two gentlemen discussed in private.
America is threatening us with continued global warming, a missile shield from the Star Wars era, meat with hormones, noisy planes, the Echelon listening system, a monopoly on patents, and a dollar that, as a means of international payment, has for decades spread US balance of payments deficits to the outside world.
And will the surface-to-air missiles deployed around the Hague reprocessing facility be credibly effective against a suicide bomber attack?
It has been pointed out that an average running enthusiast exceeds the limit by a factor of seven to eight, while simply walking down the street could violate the rules.
I also spoke about this report at my meeting on Sunday 4 November.
They aim to give authorities the right not to bid for subway or tram services if there are good reasons for the costs, safety or risk of creating a permanent private monopoly rather than competition.
Mr President, I would just like to inform you that we have among our guests the students of the Spanish Government's Masters in Political Science from the Foreign and Latin America Foundation.
There are also elements related to the very identity of these regions, particularly in the OCT, where activities related to the planting of sugar cane and the production of sugar and rum are closely linked to the economic and social history of these territories.
The EU should have long since denounced Mr Bush's bluff.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I hope that we can continue to enjoy the best desserts, the best nougat and the products made from the world's finest and most delicious hazelnuts and almonds.
This may be a dream for a businessman or a shareholder, but certainly not for most of our fellow citizens.
I tell Mrs De Palacio: it becomes a kind of joke; after three years you still don't know what will happen.
If we do not build a credible European defence, Europe will remain that rocket allowed to crash next to the American bulldog.
In our view, it would be regrettable, contrary to what Mr Lehne said, to put in place a European patchwork, with each court giving a different interpretation of the Community patent.
I think of the growing number of political executions, the banning of the Falun Gong movement, and the recent flight of the Tibetan Karmapa Lama to India.
I would like to say that the last time discreet checks were carried out, precisely at the Barcelona European Council, to prevent the streets of that city from becoming a battleground, as was the case in Genoa, and by temporarily suspending the Schengen Convention, the Spanish police were able to arrest some troublemakers at the border who, for example, had machetes and baseball bats to break windows.
Europeans should not merely see the new agricultural bill as a disruptive instrument for trade, since it is also, by its objectives, scope and duration, the recognition of the right of each country to support its agriculture, because of specific issues, including social, territorial and environmental balance, which cannot be left to the discretion of free trade mechanisms.
There are already neighbourhoods in large cities that are not accessible to ordinary citizens at nightfall.
We hope that this European ban will help to implement a ban on spam, including outside Europe and in particular in the United States.
Parliament calls on both sides, the European Union and future Member States, to use the remaining months vigorously to keep pace and to mobilise all forces for the final sprint so that the common goal can be achieved.
These gentlemen have probably also choked themselves in the palea of foreign policy.
(DE) The Socialist rapporteur, with the help of her Communist and Green colleagues, turned this report, which should have been an initiative report drawn up by the Committee on Women's Rights and Equality of Opportunities, into a propaganda prospectus in favour of abortion and contraception.
They don 't say I don 't like pudding like they say I don 't like an Arab .
To launch a European peace proposal in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and to tolerate a promoter of Palestinian terrorism are two incompatible things.
The U.S. president hasn't given up on any of his plans, but he may be beginning to realize that international political life is not a western in which he would take on the role of sheriff.
The report also supports comparative analysis, but takes the view that a good comparative analysis will require not only more comparable and reliable data, but also a more harmonised system of definitions, a recording and reporting of accidents and diseases at work.
Mr President, the terror and panic that terrorism is spreading is the same everywhere, whether it is an isolated shooter in Washington or a vast network such as Al Qaeda.
The proposal is lacking in several key areas: it makes no distinction between regular and charter flights; it ignores, for example, the package travel directive which covers charter passengers.
In any case, this was merely a pretext for the increased pressure exerted by the pressure groups of financial journalists who want, in fact, to create a general exception in their favour in terms of comitology, I mean self-regulation.
Successive European governments have been unable to manage the uninterrupted flows of immigrants, and it is not the media gadget of the recent Franco-British Sangatte agreement that will change things.
The Committee on Women's Rights is currently considering an initiative to impose the gender dimension on the European Parliament.
The agenda calls for the Commission's statement on the impact of low frequency active sonar on marine life.
As for the candidate countries, I think it is time to tell them frankly, before the accession treaties are ratified, that we must be clear about our common ambition: not to confuse a new Europe and a remake of NATO.
The streets, the prison, the nightclubs, the rave parties, are all places where hard drugs circulate freely and without the minimum safety criteria.
The Council and Parliament must formulate and implement the directive in such a way that there can be no question of social dumping or obstinate protectionism in the head of one of the parties.
We also know that a drone has been discovered, and that it is capable of dropping biological and chemical weapons, and we know that fragmentation bombs have also been discovered.
Every spring summit seems to me to be an uninterrupted repetition of the Delors White Paper.
There was a boxing ring: the two boxers were President George W. Bush and President Saddam Hussein; the referee was United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Miss Europe was the pin-up who, in mini-jupe, showed the sign on which the first round was written.
They are societies that expect a European way of life from Europe .
It is a bit of a European defence kit that we find in this respect with an adaptation to the realities of today and tomorrow, and particularly to terrorism.
The comparison between a dishwasher, which is a detergent, and a chemically similar shampoo, a cosmetic product, is tempting, but this is an exceptional case.
Do you know who wrote the script for this movie?
This system does not take into account the costs of processing unsorted rice into unsorted rice and also results in the importation into the Community market of higher quality and higher prices of rice with reduced tariff duties.
Moreover, it is a dynamic and competitive industry which, thanks to efforts in research and technological development, design and product quality and specialisation, has been able to consolidate and expand its influence and importance for the European and global economy.
It is also the rapporteur's party which, some time ago, bulldozed a hostel for immigrants in Vitry-sur-Seine.
No matter how you beat the cards, the joker is always above the pack.
This destruction is particularly evident in the treatment of women and children, who are forced into prostitution, forced to work in warehouses, factories or rubber plantations or even sold.
He has an eye on oil, the new Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline having been opened last May by BP president Lord Browne.
According to this regulation, you should have me expelled immediately by your security guards, since I wear a T-shirt that has a little political slogan printed on the front and back.
- Mr President, this debate reminds me a bit of a well-known sketch from the British comedy show Monty Python.
Mr President, I should like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report.
To my Spanish friends, I will say this: a noble battle would be between an unarmed butcher and an unarmed, untreated bull, whose back is not broken, who is neither drugged nor tortured.
Now that many European countries have the scourge of globalization - remember the referendum in France? - our globalization policy needs to be fairer and we need to speak more forcefully about fair trade and take more seriously our commitments to the Millennium Development Goals, which we accuse of falling behind the rest of the world when it comes to financing the fight against poverty.
This report mentions how an internet blog created by Woeser, a top Tibetan intellectual, was shut down.
In this area we are indeed seeing a grouping that can allow us to reach a synthesis between the concerns of those who, like you, have greater environmental ambitions, and those who, like others, have greater competitiveness ambitions.
Secondly, on human rights, Mr Putin, with his KGB-trained judoka face, keeps telling us: I have nothing to do with this story.
Commissioners are sailing on the Microsoft yacht during their holidays, the British Prime Minister has a close relationship with Lord Browne of BP, and we could extend the list much further, but it has absolutely nothing to do with the companies.
Our farmers, for example, face substantially similar problems to those faced by farmers in Mexico or by Latin American SMEs in the face of the confiscation of their intellectual property, their know-how and, above all, their gradual elimination by a global trading system that puts our banana producers in the French Antilles or the Canary Islands in competition with producers in Honduras or Nicaragua, for the sole benefit of multinational companies like Chiquita.
Let me tell everyone who feels threatened wherever they are - and as a homosexual I could have been born in Poland, Latvia or the Czech Republic where I would have feared for my life, for my work - you are not alone, we are with you and we will win for the simple reason that kindness and justice have always prevailed.
Let me take you back to the Arctic on that night in January 1968, when we were still in the middle of the Cold War - because the facts are worthy of an international thriller.
This situation is comparable to that of an unsatisfied customer, who goes back to the bike store and says, well, you can trade me this bike, but only for a scooter.
The report welcomes our support because it is a comprehensive document which includes two unique Portuguese beverages which were initially forgotten by the Commission: Madeira rum and Madeira ponch.
It would be good to switch to LED bulbs as soon as possible, but this directive is about mercury in measuring devices, not low-energy bulbs.
Martin, let's not forget that this is not a penalty shoot-out goal, but a penalty goal in the middle of the game!
President Barroso travelled to Greece this weekend to see for himself the situation.
I am not advocating the prohibition of alcohol but I think we have missed our chance as Members of the European Parliament to treat alcohol as a potentially destructive addiction and whose consumption must be severely and not mildly restricted.
An Austrian writer, Gerd-Klaus Kaltenbrunner, once said that there are two types of oppressed communities and individual victims: one that has sensual charm and the other that does not.
Sometimes it's like the marriage between an Argentine tango and a Brazilian samba.
Finally, I now hope that other aspects of air safety can be introduced throughout the EU, including surveillance of the cockpit door and luggage.
As the couple is assigned to their home, he used a cyber-camera link to participate in a European Parliament hearing on the human rights situation in China.
We have focused particularly on strengthening our resources in the field in our most important markets by creating market access teams bringing together a company, a Member State, a team and experts from the Commission.
This Constitution was therefore popular in many respects, but the challenge is to win the grand slam with 27 Yes and no No.
As the great football coach Giovanni Trapattoni would probably say, it's all about taking off his belt and shoes and emptying his bottles!
This is also partly the fault of the biofuel rush: the EU's proposal to move to 10% biofuel in transport fuel; in America, 30% of corn crops are now going to ethanol, which reduces the land available for food production and raises the price of corn flour.
However, we know that this is easier said than done, and there are still many problems to be solved together, whether it be poultry, hormones, livestock or the very sensitive question - mentioned by the Commissioner - of the US requirement to scan all containers.
This includes the rules that prohibit stealing and occupying public areas, forcing children to beg or enslaving women, but also those that prohibit discrimination and persecution of the poor, and the ancestral repression of people who no longer know what their nationality is and who travel not by choice, but because after having had to flee so often, the road is the only thing they have left.
I am afraid that this phallocratic technology will completely fall outside the framework of French foreign policy.
However, the greatest victory is probably still to have succeeded in making this instrument applicable within 24 months of the entry into force of the Regulation to all categories of vehicles, from small cars to SUVs to larger vehicles which, given their heavy weight, are often the ones causing the most physical damage to citizens.
The Treaty of Lisbon has therefore expired despite all the manoeuvres it would try to impose on the peoples of Europe, the will of the ruling Euro-Worldist coterie.
But for the last 30 years we have been facing mass unemployment and we are experiencing a considerable birth rate, which in the long run leads from the baby boom to the papy boom, to a state of financial shock to our pension system.
Secondly, a clear commitment to implement structural reforms, as defined in the Lisbon strategy and national reform programmes, is essential to restore consumer and investor confidence in the short term and to improve the resilience and dynamism of our economies in the long term.
With a leverage of only $5,000 , the New York financial operator was able to trigger a wave of speculation on oil that left bloody traces in the global economy .
How could consumers know immediately that the ketchup or yogurt they buy contains large amounts of sugar?
In comparison with the many interventions that have taken place on brain leakage, including those by Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr Borghezio, Mrs Budreikaitė, Mr Moreno, Mrs Lambert and Mrs Roure, I believe that the European Parliament has expressed its legitimate concerns to include safeguards in the blueprint to turn brain leakage into brain supply, and it seems to me that there are three main ways of doing so.
(DE) Madam President, the Irish meat scandal has spread throughout Europe, including Austria, where Irish meat was sold as Tyrolean bacon, a strange consequence of the scandal.
Perhaps it would be possible to ensure that both the cameraman's work and ours are facilitated.
The case of the Romanian handball player Marian Cozma, who was brutally murdered by two members of the Rom community in Hungary, shows once again that crime knows no borders and that denying the problems posed by that community is counterproductive.
I can live with a March 5 referral, I can even live with an accelerated vote to withdraw that amendment.
I look forward to the day when the United States or Australia will realize that bullfighting is practiced in Spain and hunting in Finland.
However, in line with the new Italian-Russian remix, South Stream, the energy project bearing this name is threatened with abandonment.
The Commission will endeavour to adopt all the measures set out in the roadmap as soon as possible.
However, as I read the Europe 2020 Strategy and our parliamentary resolution, I see that our ambitions are limited to shy flirting with the liberal market economy.
In this respect, as some have already pointed out, it is natural that full consideration should be given to ports and connections with their hinterlands in the context of transEuropean corridors and networks.
Mr Sturdy also asked a question concerning a recent case, called the Modem Case, in which the Commission actually examined three aspects: dumping, subsidies and safeguards.
In accordance with the resolution, I think that once the new final regulatory framework is adopted, it would be wise for a summary and new FAQs (the most frequently asked questions) to explain this framework in detail to all market participants.
(ES) Mr President, I do not wish to repeat the important remarks already made by my fellow Members, so I will simply add that it is good to hear Lady Ashton's involvement in the session of the Human Rights Council which was held at this very important time.
The result is a cake that gave them a stomachache.
A convention and guidelines on bioethics are necessary so that we do not create the same chimeras of study as with animals, such as this mass of muscle coming from Belgium, mountain of bifteck on flailing legs, remotely reminiscent of a cow.
I know that this measure is particularly criticized by the Member States which have so far received compensation paid in whole or in large part as agricultural premiums for silos corn and not as premiums for bulls.
As soon as the capital Kabul was inhabited, the Taliban began to impose the Qur'anic law on everyone: mandatory wearing of the chador and a ban on all forms of education and work for women.
Recently, the media has been talking a lot about the worsening agricultural conflicts, especially the case of the Bellacruz land ownership.
We have not lost sight of those responsible for the fate of the 15,000 Vietnamese boat people in the detention centers in Hong Kong.
Judging by the low attendance in the Chamber, it is clear that the report is not a very successful book and yet it deals with one of the most important areas and is perhaps one of the best reports ever written by Mrs Theato.
So, dear colleagues, I would like to ask you for a moment to put yourself in the shoes of those who have good reason to believe that in this scenario they would be casting on the side of the new slaves rather than the side of the new aristocrats.
On 7 and 8 February in Germany alone, a Vietnamese, a Lebanese asylum seeker and two Polish citizens were attacked and seriously injured, while a 17-year-old punk was the victim of racist violence in Magdeburg.
It is clear that since research is directed not towards journalism but towards improving the conditions of human beings - I think of all drug research - it cannot be stopped.
The trans-European telecommunications network is not entirely comparable to energy and transport networks; for these two networks it is essentially infrastructure, improvement or construction, in other words equipment.
The Japanese yakusa are not only active in Tokyo but also in Düsseldorf and Toronto.
You're thinking about the derby, for example.
So for years we have been talking about experiments, and governments have been giving the dropper some kind of charity to deceive public opinion.
Large countryside has been turned into drug plantations and the trafficking of prostitution and stolen cars continues to flourish under the direction of various Albanian leaders.
We see how much sign language is alive when what is said or shown in television programs is interpreted through a split screen or through an inserted window.
Mr President, the Commission shares the views expressed in all the draft resolutions on the importance of doping in sport.
This ship is on fire while it's in international waters, passes through Danish territorial waters, and ends up in German territory, and here we are all frozen in a sort of high-ranking mikado game.
If you were walking outside and you saw someone waving a baseball bat over a dog's head, what would you do?
And it's not about animal welfare, it's about profit.
In fact, if we were made to be at the top of the food chain, don't you think we'd have some claws to tear the flesh apart?
Actually, there's a warning label on the fish.
How many slices of lard would you like?
We're not even done with lunch, it doesn't include the slice of bread with the cow butter you could put on it.
If you want more information, you can always email me at james@arff.org
Management teams are increasingly disconnected from employees.
They can give them more control over their prices, which is what Radiohead did with their album In Rainbows, released on the Internet with the concept of free prices.
Taking a much more radical stance against overconsumption, the company released an advertisement calling for Don't Buy This Dress at the height of the shopping season.
However, within 10 years, with the assumptions of the previous 10 years, we will see a 30% increase in traffic.
I'd like to put that kind of Friday night desk discussion aside and actually take you to the lab.
And at that moment, when I heard that, I was catapulted out of the subway, to find myself one night being transported by ambulance from the sidewalk where I was stabbed to the trauma room at St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan, and this is what happened: a gang came from Brooklyn.
Then, in 2005, I co-founded a nonprofit organization for young people and young adults with physical disabilities to enable them to play extreme sports.
The drawing of the great Sam Gross, he did it after the Muhammad controversy, you see Muhammad in Paradise, the suicide bomber is in small pieces, and he says to the suicide bomber:
Here's my example, someone might ask why Duke's basketball team won the national championship in 2010.
Why is a golf club so light?
So I went out and bought myself a short kaki or something, and I stumbled upon their slogan, "Make it simple".
I opened a magazine, and Visa's slogan was:
The Media Lab is an interesting, and important place for me. I was a computer science student at first, and I discovered design later in my life.
The great graphic designer Paul Rand designed the IBM logo, the Westinghouse logo -- he just said I designed everything.
Everything from a strange hotel lobby, to the cellophane that replaces your window, to that moment when on the black-paved road in front of my house, there was this white butterfly, dying in the sun.
And the scan didn't reveal any blood clots in the lungs, but it did show mass in the breasts, on both sides, visible, palpable, breast tumors, which had metastasized widely throughout the body.
Since we're in Edinburgh, I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
How was your crossing of Burntisland Bay?
He's being fooled by the marketing.
What I want to do is share some of the coolest things that are happening with you.
An anti-Sandinist guerrilla was fatally wounded when Commander Zero attacked a city in southern Nicaragua.
A destroyed attack tank belonging to the Somoza National Guard was left as a monument in a park in Managua, and was transformed by the energy and inventiveness of a child.
The next day I went to Rwanda, and it was like taking the express elevator to hell.
I thought back to the time I had to buy a gift for my niece and when I overdosed on pink, pink, pink, pink, pink!
About 100 days ago, we landed a two-ton SUV on the surface of another planet, the surface of Mars.
You could never put a man in an inflatable bag because he'd be crushed.
On the first day -- I drop out of medical school and start trading on the black market.
It's just that she was wearing this sweater to the party and she came in like a star.
Did I ever tell you that you were very sexy in your moulded outfit?
I was invited to tell my story, but telling it would be talking about my favorite football team, which I assure you, is not a good idea right now, or talking about other topics that I deal with every day, which are related to design research in the context of interaction with technology, how people interact with objects and machines.
He didn't show up at the tennis courts and even stopped working at the family restaurant.
We'll prepare the grill while you're gone.
They share our environmental stressors, asbestos levels and lead levels, all of which you are exposed to.
You know, a coyote in Central Park, a whale in the Gowanus Canal, a rush in Westchester County.
Imagine that we wanted this quad to make a triple turn and end up exactly where it started.
You know, I can interview myself.
Then the hippie movement was born, wasn't it?
Now, customer service means getting a response to your email within 24 hours.
Your network isn't on LinkedIn, your conversation doesn't take place on a blog, and you can't have a conversation on Twitter.
The first sightseeing tourist site was built in the late 1980s in Western Australia, and now there are whale shark sightseeing destinations in more than 20 countries: Mexico, Belize, Mozambique, Kenya, the Philippines, Seychelles, and, of course, Australia.
And I have to talk to you about astronomy without showing you the slightest picture of a nebula or galaxy or anything... because my job is spectroscopy.
You try to be cool, bluff, but you know you're gonna get fucked.
Mars is home to the great canyon of the solar system, Valles Marineris.
Although I want to make a whole philosophy reading list, I'm aware of not offending anyone, because that's really, really, really not my intention.
Why are you playing koto?
And then we started working on the piece -- an incredibly demanding nine to 10 months of work -- we've never used so many bright spots. More than 30,000 LEDs hand-welded onto small printed circuits, all handmade in England.
When the soldiers entered the cell to rape her eldest daughter, she clinged to her and refused to let them do so despite the revolt against her.
Feminism has never been sexy, but I can assure you it never stopped me from flirting and having men around me.
At first, the term remix was applied only to music.
One of the earliest examples: The Sugarhill Gang used the bass riff of Chic's Good Times in their Rapper's Delight tube.
They play extremely loud blues, a kind of music that will soon be called -
In the mid-'70s, Led Zeppelin was the most touring rock band in America, which doesn't stop critics and other singers from calling them crooks.
You can say something before that gentleman you can tell me.
In this case, I found his biography sandwiched between that of a Hebrew rabbi and that of a staff commander who had written a monograph on the high seas fish.
Here's the flyer for the Abbott Laboratories test kit.
It requires that we put all our senses into the task, and that we apply the best of our thinking, feeling, and application to the challenge before us.
- What is it, kangaroo?
Act like a star
And then, if they walk into the living room and the husband watches a TV show where the women look like this, don't think, gentlemen, that it doesn't affect your wife negatively.
Some kind of European techno punk stuff, you know.
The basic HTML for entering the canvas object is pretty simple.
And I thought, maybe I could become a journalist and a gynecologist.
However, only one or two of my guests have never been bold enough to stay and eat a hurried pudding with me, but when they saw that the crisis was approaching they beat a hurried retreat rather, as if it was going to shake the house up to its foundations.
When the arm was intact but paralyzed, the brain sent commands to the arm, the front part of the brain saying move, the visual feedback saying no.
And when the arm disappears, the bonus is that the pain disappears because it's impossible to feel an intangible pain, floating there, in space.
Another theory says they're drug addicts to LSD and marijuana, okay?
And to get in touch with the community and ask your neighbors about the kind of food they buy, the origin of these food products and the reasons for that purchase is a duty.
And if they have a smart phone and they're on Google, they have better access to information and knowledge than President Clinton did 15 years ago.
So, as she said, it's obviously an exaggeration, but that's why they called me the godfather of modern street skateboarding.
But how come you sell tacos? And he tells me that he made a loan, he made a loan of 120,000 pesos, and he's already paid back 240,000 pesos, and he still has 120,000 to repay.
Is this about copyright and file sharing on their site?
When the Pirate Bay was shut down after the raid you didn't have any servers available, did you?
It's even harder in Edinburgh because you have to count all the whiskey and tartan.
Danny, America's leitmotif is based entirely on life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Junkies in the hallway with a baseball bat
With my bachelor's degree in pocket science, I started a career that took me, literally, around the world.
You'll have to take into account the food, the number of people leaving for the expedition, and the fuel for such a day
When you put all this together, you can mix amazing, beautiful music that you can play anywhere.
You can beatbox in the car, right?
My swing is stronger and faster.
Throughout the series, she asks Mac to help her hack Wi-Fi connections, build websites and hack stuff, and they work together on different projects.
And the right time was 1994, when he and his wife, Mackenzie Tuttle Bezos, from our 1992 cohort, traded the security of their jobs on Wall Street at D.E. Shaw &amp; Co. for the faltering promises of a new online business.
It was the end of the Silk Road.
But in reality, it makes a difference, there's a passionate one in particular who's a particularly effective altruist because he has this.
It could be anything, salsa or a comedy sketch, it doesn't matter.
The battery on his iPod was dead after three hours, leaving him inactive, confined to listening to what the middle-aged couple in front of him was saying.
When all the objects are in place, you can use an expression script that creates links between the body parts.
These people had no bad intentions, and our relationship with them was not narrow or superficial.
We tried to do it with scarves, and finally with the red T-shirt of Independencia.
Bowling ?
We think of all the changes in local and regional power that are taking place in Ukraine, Belgium, Canada, Sweden and New Zealand.
Then the three of them left the apartment together, something they hadn't done in months now, and took the electric open-air tram outside the city.
And in this pantheon you have a whole bunch of pagan god statues.
She turned her back on me. No freestyle could have brought her back.
This first Continental Congress supported the destruction of tea, pledged to support a continuing boycott, and returned home in late October 1774 even more united in their determination to protect their rights and freedoms.
Or just think of American jazz or American movies -- they go everywhere.
If you have an iPhone, there's a sonar inside -- it's that same beep beep that goes down to the bottom and comes back to us.
It's a story about the water club. It's deep blue.
A blue-collar yacht club, where you can join the water club, but where you work at the shipyard, as a sort of membership condition.
How queer and quiet he is, she says.
And she turned her face to the continuous diffusion of windows from the railway transport window and contemplated the gray storm rain that looked as if it would go on forever and ever.
But after a few days spent almost entirely outside, she woke up one morning knowing what it was like to be hungry, and when she sat down at her lunch, she did not look contemptuously at her porridge and push it back, but took her spoon and began to eat and then ate it until her bowl was empty.
Nevertheless, since Jennifer Lawrence does a great job as an actress in the role of Katniss, we should take a moment to talk about distribution and skin color.
You've created a complete set of subtitles, thanks to Universal Subtitles!
Look for drilling on the other federal leases, okay?
You are allowed to integrate your funders into TEDx media: put their logo on invitations, posters, on your website or in the program.
As students at a major American university, I imagine you have access to a wide sample of academic journals.
When you don't do that, when you eat normal healthy foods and no glutamate and in pretty much everything you find in the supermarket shelves, there's glutamate everywhere; in the restaurant, because the restaurateurs know that glutamate causes addiction and people come back.
Back to the red velvet-colored thousand-piece dress, the color of power and the blink of an eye to the previous queen, simple and devoted.
Pesticide is a strong word.
Jackson's study focuses on the story with the Coroncos in Sierra Leone.
And the joke is, of course, they don't just run for the market.
He's trying to put the grapple on you, on the microgravity inside the human skull, to recommend which movie you might want to see next, which is a very, very difficult problem.
You mean fax me?
It's more clandestine because it's more in the wind.
It's not a sequel or a remake or an adaptation, but it's a genre film, science fiction and more, it's a member of a subgenre where sympathetic white people are plagued by all the murder, looting and annihilation that has taken place in their name.
The trailer is a reference to the main character of Cold Crime and the chordal music comes from the 1968 thriller Twisted Nerve.
We have an aluminum canoe instead of a birch boat, it's hard to find bullocks of this size these days, but we still grow rice.
These laws are our laws - really like a patchwork of state laws - that prevent a journalist from having to betray a source.
And I started to understand that there are different ways of doing diplomacy, that diplomacy, like business, is about solving problems, and yet the word innovation doesn't exist in diplomacy; it's all a zero-sum game and realpolitik and old institutions that were established generations ago and do things the way they always have.
It's going to look like a John Ford western.
And that's why I went shopping and picked out a bestseller on business success.
Then we're going to make a staircase that will help you get up there.
I felt trapped because my life cost me 11 hours a day inside that windowless shelter.
This is a shipping container.
These scenes help to distinguish her from the many so-called strong women characters present in popular culture who only imitate the stoic and detached macho archetype, feeling no emotion, which, I don't know how, can suffer extreme violence and trauma with no visible effect.
The rifle I was operating on was a standard M24 sniper rifle.
You can create a Trendspottr tab that highlights the best sources creating the buzz for the word travel to help you target potential influencers, customers or partners.
I'm really passionate about triathlons and fitness because I feel physically better practicing them, and they give me a lot of confidence in life, structure and discipline, which allows me to use my time productively.
He's an airline host who brought him to the U.S. He contracted the disease in Africa and reported it.
They also performed a clown act at a time when the future of furniture was not as bright as it turned out to be.
The California sea lion picks up the Molas as soon as they get into the bay, pulls out their wings, and they become the last Mola-style frisbee scream, and it swings them back and forth.
They play with the guns and there's soda at will and then the giant balls in bulk, in their eyes, I work at Disneyland
Then he takes off his katana and cries out:
First, we will stop at the Basilica of Maxenza, the last of the great public buildings erected in Rome before Constantine moved his capital.
In fact, I don't think the businessman's stereotype of crushing people to the top, in general, works.
I 'm in love with you , but the atmosphere is bad .
In other words, the game is our adaptation joker.
Ten years ago, we made a defining journey, during which we explored this big iceberg, B-15, the largest known iceberg, which broke away from the Ross Iceberg.
I'm six years old, and I don't cry when we leave home and come to the United States, because I expect to find a place full of good things, like bananas, chocolate, and Bazooka gum.
So we find this penny practically fossilized on the ground and we think that a very rich man must have left it there, because normal people don't lose their money.
In fact, if I connect to our lab systems via the web, we can get a real-time idea of how many viruses, how many examples of new malware we identify every day.
So Qatar's vitality is linked to the fact that it's a British off-shore criminal.
So you've been a bad boy ever since?
I love children, I can be a nanny too.
No, ma'am, I'm a Mormon missionary
It's not because they really like being in the office and they don't like walking in the park or having a lazy brunch.
Appreciate every compilation tape your friends make
So I put out an ad, and a few weeks later, a skipper contacts me.
And think of it as passing a city to a bulldozer or a forest, because it sweats everything.
Because of that, I became interested in blue tape, so in San Francisco, CA, I did a full exhibition on blue tape.
The porcupine is a product of an insect that lives on cacti.
I've done a three-quarters-hour amount of work.
Enter a pixel value in the Properties Bar.
This represents a surveillance drone to examine the area, the movement of currents, and monitor planetary systems.
You can't be a conventional architect or an engineer, work for the phone company or any other old-fashioned organization and come up with a radically innovative idea.
I've made sure this chat line stays online for a few days.
First of all, it's a city version of Adam and Eve or a forest flirt.
That's three bucks a goyave at the normal rate.
So it's perfect for sleeping in a hammock!
We're tempted by the next great gadget.
He's a character from the manga Rozen Maiden.
I have another scoop for you.
Beatsy tells us this, that in the same way that you can explore the territories of consciousness, in the same way that Halim says that you can gain weight with butter in the coffee and very precise body monitoring and find what's right for you to go from 120kg to 75kg with 0.5% fat,
Noam and I felt that if we wanted our students to understand how computers work, and get to the bone marrow of it, then maybe the best way to do that was to get them to build a complete, functional, useful, general-purpose computer, hardware and software, right from the start, starting with the basics.
It was the Internet, this black box with a red light as depicted in the situation comedy The IT Crowd.
You can see her red hair, I don't know if you can see her nose piercing.
You can see how the emoticon comes out from under the triangle, and then disappears again under its edge.
I finally set foot in this biographical film about John Wayne Gacy.
Is it the mind or is the mind still too... seductive?