The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterways (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)).
The traffic which had to be diverted because of this stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
A considerable stumbling block is the fact that the regions and other operators find it impossible and are incapable of making plans in time.
We see a further example of this with the planned layoffs in Europe proposed by the corporation ABB Alsthom Power.
Mr President, Commissioner, I have brought you a small gift. Here is a cake of oil sent by someone living on the French island of Noirmoutier who wrote to me as follows:  With every tide, the beach is covered with heavy fuel oil which has leaked out of the Erika.
No tanker or freighter fit only for the scrap heap must ever put into any harbour within the European Union again. All those involved, including the transport agent, are responsible for any ensuing damage, and these individuals are to provide satisfactory assurances.
This cannot be ignored or evaded, certainly not on account of soft law, as was once suggested at a meeting of our Committee.
In this, their second report, the experts tell us that Italy is financed by the Cohesion Fund, that the ERDF and the Social Fund represent two-thirds of the Structural Funds and that the principles of additionality and complementarity in the Structural Funds come to the same thing. They tell us that the farming lobby is forcing us to finance rural development through the EAGGF-Guarantee and that the principle of partnership only applies to the Commission and to the Member States.
But none of this hides the fact that there is a certain sense of impotence, because when the negotiators from each side fly back to the United States this weekend, we will have to remember that, for every 100 dollars spent on the peace process in the region, 60 are contributed by the European Union.
A scoreboard tells people the score; it has to be up-to-date and it has to be clear and visible.
We risk having not too few charters of rights in this Community, but too many: national, European Union and European Convention; not too few tribunals having the final say about our rights but possibly too many - there is the Court across the river there, there is the Court in Luxembourg.
If we look at the private sector, however, we will find not only that this fabled 'financial stability' has been unsuccessful but that we are most probably sitting on a volcano ready to erupt at any moment.
If a company in France says that it has an employee who has to work in Denmark on a permanent basis, and only in Denmark, then it certainly ought only to be possible to apply for this card for Denmark.
The day before yesterday I was pleased to hear an interview given by the KFOR commander showing how much better matters in connection with this in Kosovo were starting to be, particularly as regards security, crime levels had been restored to an acceptable level.
In order to ensure that at least 50% of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, it is not enough to deal with a few hot spots that will be more profitable in the short term.
This PPE/DE-PSE resolution commends the initiative taken by fourteen Member States to apply pressure to Austria by organising a sort of diplomatic boycott.
Last Thursday speaking times were extremely tight and then suddenly we had between one and one-and-a-half hours when there was nothing on the agenda and we had to wait for the vote.
Madam President, this afternoon, in this Chamber, reference was made to a series of reports on the BBC Today programme this morning, which claimed that certain of my colleagues were running personal lobbying companies or somehow misusing their position as Members of this House.
How do we explain to workers who fall victim to the rationalisations of the worldwide Monopoly game that they must be prepared to change career several times in their working lives when the captains of industry, having lost the gamble of a take-over, leave with compensation of EUR 30 million?
And that brings me to the fourth aspect of this new development model that I would like to emphasise. Particularly in recent years, development policies have been regarded as an increasingly global matter, and yet there is apparently a lack of strong international leadership.
It would also incur all the transaction costs of selling your shares and then buying them again after the fall.
The Commission proposals being debated here will give it the face-lift it needs.
To conclude, Mr President, allow me to remind the House that the directive needs a makeover which will make UCITS even more attractive, but it does not need to be strapped into a European corset which will squeeze the life out of it.
Back in 1994, the Joint Assembly passed an initial resolution, in which our fellow Member Dominique Souchet was closely involved, expressing its alarm at the foreseeable consequences of the Uruguay Round, which contradicted the very principle of Community preference which was fundamental to this cooperation.
This question should be answered in light of the fact that the age-old monopoly has de facto been undermined by all kinds of courier companies and by technological developments, such as fax and e-mail.
Telecommunications costs have risen as a consequence of companies being bought and sold and marketing costs accounting for more than 50% of companies' turnover.
You perhaps know that, in Finland, the president is not just the leading public figure or political leader, but she is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces, so this was quite an interesting and historic occasion.
We know that UNICE has, on behalf of the employers, publicly shown its colours in the preparatory documents for the European business summit to be held in Brussels in June: the public authorities are requested to remove all social, regulatory and fiscal barriers to the development of business and to invest massively in shoring up demand.
The Commission then had the choice of setting the European standard at the maximum quality level and extending the ban to all Member States but, under pressure from multinational companies wishing to reduce their production costs, in April 1996 the Commission proposed a directive authorising the addition of a minimum level of vegetable fats.
In order to appease the multinationals, consumers would have their lives made more complicated as labelling would become more creative and reassuring, small specialist chocolate makers would have to establish a 'quality chocolate' label, cocoa-exporting countries would have to adapt... and you dare to speak to us of a Europe that is close to the citizens, that is generous, transparent and respectful of cultural differences!
I certainly agree with what he said in the last part of his answer about the need for capacity-building in the least developed countries as well as, perhaps the need for asymmetrical measures, resulting in a certain level of protection for their markets that we do not seek to enjoy in return.
What we have to do as far as possible, and I am making every effort to achieve this, is to ensure that what is generally a good deal between the Americans and the Chinese is also a good deal for Europeans.
Let me take the example of spirits. Bourbon and gin are not handled in the same way as whisky and cognac.
Today it was revealed that the Austrian entrant in a show jumping competition in Grenoble had his invitation withdrawn.
This is the combination of Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, in itself a sensational combination, but this club never takes part in debates on technical work.
Thirdly, I should like to state for the record that the fact that such speeches are given here fills me with consternation, as does the fact, which I ascertained from his loud applause, that Caudillos Le Pen is still allowed to sit in this House, despite the fact that he has already lost his eligibility for office on account of his prize fighting activities in the French election campaign.
The IT boom is confronted by mergers and redundancies.
Technological progress is an all-too familiar slogan.
In whose interest was it to depart in this piece of fast-track legislation from tried-and-tested procedures and the practice of using objective performance criteria for environmental standards?
With the forecast growth in electronic shopping over the next few years, heavy bank fees for money changes will be a serious disincentive for consumers to shop over the Internet.
One of the key proposals is to separate the audit and financial control functions.
In this respect, however, Mr Blair and Mr Aznar and their followers are held captive by archaic liberal ideas, which are conformist in the most ordinary way: allow the market, particularly the financial market, to operate, introduce wage flexibility, reduce labour costs, even if it means boosting the mechanism which produces inequality, precariousness and exclusion across the entire planet.
The Christian Democratic position will rebound perfectly off the gene industry.
I hope that the early warning facility, which involved a great many experts, will also be built into our ability to receive signals at an earlier stage.
I would, at long last, like to have a response to my question on cash management and the solution to this problem which is particularly hitting small and medium-sized businesses.
The Commission considers that extending the period in this way would reduce the credibility of the central theme of our proposal, which is that the COM in bananas should be brought into line with the WTO rules as soon as possible.
This behaviour does not contravene the Rules of Procedure, but it is contrary to the notion of fair play and the proper functioning of Parliament.
We have a system that is going to be operated by the users and the point I want to make this evening in now thinking ahead, because we are confident we are going to get this directive through, is to say to the Commission that we need to have a very comprehensive and a very fast feedback from the users about the problems and issues that they are encountering in using this directive.
In my opinion, it is mainly up to a manager to take responsibility for the precise detail of personnel policy.
I want to know whether junior doctors in some countries are some sort of superhuman who can do without adequate rest and who will not harm their own health or that of their patients in the process.
Mr President, the proposed working time directive for specific categories of worker such as doctors in training, offshore workers or mobile workers, is typical of the slow and derisory nature of social Europe.
We have an ersatz currency whose volatility is enhanced by its non-identifiable character.
The good thing is that we had the money so we were able to do something of real value as the only donor around, except for a few elite donors who are trying to shame the rest by moving forward and setting a good example - the usual gang.
They are lured under false pretences - through job advertisements, for example - into becoming hairdressers or into working in bars or as dancers, or else they are enticed via the lonely hearts columns.
Before every match, right to the end of the season, Paris St. Germain now shows an anti-racist video clip which celebrates the values of friendship and brotherhood and the pleasures of the sport.
We therefore support the amendments prioritising the protection of public health, particularly those prohibiting product descriptions for, whether it is  light  ,  ultralight  or  mild  , tobacco, in the form of cigarettes, cigars or snuff tobacco, seriously damages one' s health.
It should be available next to where all cigarettes and tobacco products are sold. You can opt to buy replacement therapy rather than overdose on cigarettes.
(B5-0580/2000) by Mr Sakellariou, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the attempted coup d' état in Paraguay and the arrest of General Oviedo;
I say to my colleague, Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi, that it is a label she should accept with pleasure and a badge which she should wear with pride.
Fourteen Kurds died of asphyxiation in the hold of a burning ship in Patras.
The bonus granted out of the EUR 850 million demanded is roughly the equivalent of about twenty kilometres of motorway in France!
In this way, the LRA, the armed resistance, does not hesitate to kidnap seven-year-old boys and subject them to extreme brutality to train them to fight and terrorise villagers.
Because underlying the concept of racism and xenophobia there are people and their destinies, and they should not be used to put on some kind of political show.
Because I do not think, Mr Verheugen, that we can all agree to vote for parliaments, to vote for governments, on the one hand, and yet still have military rule dictating political terms on behalf of us all on the other.
Unfortunately, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy of the European Union crumbled under pressure from the Council, which is promoting an unprincipled realpolitik with the Turkish regime, thereby depriving Turkish citizens of a boost towards democracy, which could be given by the European Union.
Not wanting any roll back and unable to achieve containment, European leaders are logically seeking to prevent these nomads from leaving their home countries.
In this sense, I think that we can avert what is happening in the basketball federation today and what we can see will happen in all the other sports tomorrow, and maintain the unity of sport and its contact with society.
Science has always had two sides to it: it has always been the case that discoveries can be used for our benefit or against us: the wheel can be used to move us around more quickly or to kill people; revolvers can be used to defend or murder people; atomic energy can improve our lives or make atomic bombs.
I remember his time as a great sprinter, and I was delighted that someone from a European country was able to end American dominance of the sport.
My sport happens to be a minority sport - rugby league football - and in October or November the World Cup will be taking place in the UK and in France.
This means that very precise measures with regard to taxes on diesel and heating oil, for example, within the realms of possibility, will be a good solution, if they are implemented generally.
One question is this: is the Union in a position to negotiate strategies for vital stocks of oil both within its own territory and with the United States, as, apparently, the decline in US stocks and now their need for replenishment are pushing up the spot price of oil even further.
Another piece of this jigsaw is the decision that we have adopted today, to propose a directive on minimum standards for a common asylum procedure, and another piece is the preparatory technical work on the Eurodac system, which has not stood still, but is continuing. This work can, of course, only be carried out when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
I am anxious to reassure Mr Poettering of my ability to chew gum while still listening carefully to what he has to say.
We are responsible for ensuring that our young people can shape a future society in which violence and aggression are not presented as hip or cool or as examples to be copied but as deeply reprehensible.
There may be a need for legislation in some areas, but we have no need for a host of bureaucratic and constricting rules which bring European cooperation into discredit without producing real results.
I have a lasting commitment to aid and support for these regions, and therefore understand, ladies and gentlemen, the concern expressed, here and there, in your regions and also in the Objective 1 regions, which I visit regularly, regarding the challenge of enlargement.
This has, on the one hand, allowed us to gain a deeper understanding of the issue, an understanding forced upon us by tragic events but, on the other hand, it imposes upon us certain burdens which are certainly not ours alone: they are not the burdens of one or more affected regions, they are burdens not only of the country but of the international community as well, so that solidarity is displayed and acknowledged at different levels.
The reality in large parts of Europe is at present very different, so that dialling into the net is expensive, telephone lines are engaged while surfing the Internet, surfing is costly, and there are long waiting times.
Almost everywhere in Europe this has resulted in a ticket system which penalises patients by making them contribute to the cost of medical treatment and in the marked decline of preventative medicine.
The time has come to say  enough  to the absence of women in the settlement of this type of problem. We must do so in a sensible but determined way, so that in future political leaders will be perfectly aware of the fact that wars are problems that affect everyone and not just men, that women suffer more than anyone and that for this very reason women should be represented in all organisations which address situations of armed conflict.
To my English listeners that is roughly half a penny per annum and that is money well spent.
Our police force will retain their uniforms, right down to the comforting woolly pullies that they have taken to wearing.
We have turned the safety net for post users into a hammock for those large postal companies where they can carry on doing what they are now getting away with.
Subject: Anti-dumping duty on import of coke of coal in pieces European foundries and the insulation industry are using coke over 80 mm in diameter and are employing more than 100 000 people within the Community, while Community producers of coke employ no more than 800 people.
It does not find expression in the anonymous assassin waiting for his victim in the dark vestibule of his apartment block or in the use of violent terrorism to force a whole people, through fear and blackmail, into silence or passive complicity.
The German magazine, Focus-Money, recently published a survey showing that 70% of Germans are committed to the Deutschmark and wish to retain it.
The rapporteur puts forward the proposal that enterprises that have not taken up support programmes should be interviewed.
The third point is the so-called set aside scheme for regions which are hit hard by the dwindling fish stocks.
The cricket aspect may seem irrelevant but it does show a determination to succeed and Bangladesh will do well in this field of test cricket and this will be an inspiration to millions of people in that country.
You are aware of the outcome of that initial discussion, it has been published and placed on the NATO web site, together with the scientific data exchanged at yesterday' s meeting.
In both cases, anyone with a lack of arguments on the matter at issue will forget the principles of rationalism and flirt with the irrational, which is the precursor to any type of totalitarianism or Stalinism.
I know that you, Prime Minister, expressed your dismay after the awful tragedy last year when 58 Chinese people were found dead in a container in Dover.
Incidentally, the same applies to the ancient practice of coastal navigation, which has long allowed itself to be elbowed out, but is now making a powerful comeback under the modern name of short sea shipping, providing everyone pulls together at any rate.
Many farmers rely on growing coca and poppy as their only means of existence.
Mr President, some confusion has arisen over the current dramatic situation in Colombia. It might be useful to recall that just a few days after his election victory - which incidentally was the greatest and most significant victory by a Colombian President in recent years - President Pastrana met with the top leadership of the FARC, the largest and most long-standing guerrilla group in the Americas.
How can we possibly justify a delay of a year and a half in the adjustment and adaptation of the annexes in circumstances where a scientific committee may have advised the Commission to add for instance a further hormone to the list of annexes? How can that be justified?
We therefore believe that the Council more than anyone should be represented here, as we proposed, in order to explain under what terms it drafted the Annex IV Conference, so that it is neither playing to the gallery nor launching some kind of spontaneous or Soviet-style trial with no legal basis. We therefore feel that it is extremely important, with regard to the structural reflection mentioned by President Prodi, to call for his last proposal to be enacted.
One of these could be the 'tequila effect' which has irradiated from Mexico since the last presidential elections, a genuine example of civic pride which, we trust, will have beneficial consequences to help shape the new political map of the United Mexican States.
These are not 'giant' centres of excellence.
This latest air raid on Baghdad should, in fact, have been better prepared, with an attempt to gain consent from neighbouring countries and perhaps also consultation of the Western allies.
We admire your country - I personally am a great fan of your political transparency, but I am fast losing heart when it comes to these crucial issues regarding the future.
I noticed when I travelled into Europe the other day there were no disinfectant mats, there were no bloodhounds checking whether I had a ham sandwich in my pocket, no questions.
A compulsory brief beforehand is therefore a minimum requirement.
So it is with great pleasure that I tell you that in my own country - the UK - this Friday, a biannual awareness and fund-raising extravaganza for Africa, called Comic Relief, will see otherwise serious citizens don red plastic noses to raise cash and a laugh in solidarity with Africa.
To coin a phrase, the liberalising talk is 'all spin and no delivery'.
Nevertheless, we believe that these kidnappings highlight the need to bring an end to the violent tensions in central and southern Somalia, as each of the previous speakers have also stressed.
Nine: due to the rapid advances and changes in these technologies, we must study questions of budget, technological infrastructure and educational continuity.
The method used should be the 'bottom-up' method. In other words, though policy decisions have to be taken somewhere, they have to be implemented, not from the top downwards, but rather at grass-roots level.
It is the first time I have heard that drink driving is not just a crime but the sort of a crime which can only be punished by violating borders.
To return to the beginning of the debate and the contributions that were made then, I do not know whether I can promise Mr Cox an Irish pub with beer, or whether I can promise Mr Voggenhuber a European bazaar, but as I said in my introductory statement, as Swedish Foreign Minister I believe in a genuinely open forum - a convention.
As for the lack of action following the election violence in Spain, described as a pogrom by commentators, this is not worthy of Europe.
We believe that, as well as being good things in their own right, the encouraging of sound policies, the monitoring that is carried out by the Commission and the resulting dialogue with each country are also the counter-concession which allows the 'drugs' arrangements to escape being called into question, even by a WTO panel, on the grounds that it creates unjustified discrimination between countries benefiting from the Community GSP.
In Gothenburg, the future of Europe will be played out not in palaces turned into bunkers but on the streets, with the progressive forces.
In Chad it turned into a real electoral hold-up.
We are concerned here with the difference between the English term 'copyright' and the Dutch word 'auteursrecht' , for what is at issue here is the sale of a work of art.
In Belgrade, the police stand by and watch as hooligans attack lesbians and gay people at their gay pride celebration only days after millions of EU dollars were committed to that region and Milosevic was sent to The Hague.
This type of aid, as you know, is conditional upon certain economic policy demands and is proposed within a stand-by programme of the International Monetary Fund for one year.
For the United States, despite this, to remain entrenched in the cowboy mentality which holds that might is right would be a denial of the principle that such problems can be solved by formal international agreements.
The model remains essentially focused on consumerism and an unregulated market rather than on accepted criteria of solidarity and participation.
We now have a growing phenomenon of so-called data streaming - hacking into computer systems and stealing credit card details in bulk.
It is neither as hallowed nor as sexy as an IGC, but until we get the actual delivery mechanisms of democracy and public policy right, the boring, tedious administrative detail, then we do democracy an injustice.
Mr Crowley, I had always believed that a gentleman would not wish to know what two other gentlemen had discussed privately.
America is threatening us with increased global warming, again with an anti-missile shield dating from the 'Star Wars' period, with meat containing hormones, noisy aircraft, the ECHELON tapping system, a monopoly of patents and with a dollar which, as international currency, has for decades passed on the deficits of the American balance of payments to the outside world.
And will the ground-to-air missiles deployed around the re-processing plant in The Hague be effective against a suicide attack?
It has been pointed out that the average jogger exceeds the limit by a factor of 7 or 8, while even walking down a road could break the rules.
I talked about Mr Turco' s document during my meeting on Sunday 4 November as well.
These would mean that authorities would be justified in not tendering metro and tram services if there were good reasons of cost, safety or risk of creating a permanent private monopoly rather than competition.
Mr President, I simply wish to inform you that the students reading for the Masters degree in political science of the Spanish Government' s external and Latin American foundation are present in the guest' s gallery.
At stake are also elements related to the specific identity itself of these regions, particularly in the French Overseas Departments, where activities linked to the planting of sugar cane and to the production of sugar and rum are an important part of the economic and social history of these territories.
The time is long overdue for the EU to call Mr Bush's bluff.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I trust we shall be able to continue enjoying the best desserts, the best nougat, and all those products manufactured with the best and most delicious hazelnuts and almonds in the world.
This may make entrepreneurs' and shareholders' mouths water, but it certainly will not appeal to most of our fellow citizens.
I must say to the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, that this is turning into some kind of joke: after three years we still do not know what is going to happen.
Without the development of credible European defence, Europe remains a yapping puppy that is allowed to frolic alongside the American bulldog.
We take the view, unlike Mr Lehne, that a European patchwork quilt, where each court provides a different interpretation of the European Community patent, would not be beneficial.
The increasing number of political executions spring to mind, as well as the ban on the Falun Gong movement and the recent escape of the Tibetan Karmapa Lama to India.
I would like to remind you that the last occasion when discreet surveillance was used was the Barcelona Council, to prevent the streets of Barcelona from being turned into some sort of battleground, as happened in Genoa. The temporary suspension of the Schengen Agreement allowed the Spanish police to stop several troublemakers at the border, who were carrying clubs and baseball bats with which to break shop windows, for example.
European citizens should not simply regard the new farm bill as an instrument that will disrupt trade, since its objectives, scope and length also acknowledge each country's right to support its agricultural industry, given the practical challenges, such as social, territorial and environmental balance, which cannot be left to the mercy of free trade mechanisms alone.
The average citizen will not venture into certain areas of our big cities after dusk.
It hopes that this Europe-wide ban will help establish a ban on spam outside Europe too, especially in the United States.
Parliament has called on both sides, the European Union and the future Member States, to make good use of the coming months, to keep up the pace and to mobilise all forces in the sprint to the finishing line, so as to ensure that the jointly set targets are achieved.
It appears that the gentlemen have also choked on the paella of foreign policy.
This own-initiative report, which the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities was authorised to draw up, has been turned by its socialist rapporteur and her communist and green acolytes into a pamphlet in favour of abortion and contraception.
Saying 'I don't like bread pudding' is not the same as saying 'I don't like Arabs'.
The launch of a European peace proposal for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is simply incompatible with tolerating a sponsor of Palestinian terror.
The American President has not given up any of his plans, but he is perhaps beginning to realise that international political life is not a western in which he can play the role of sheriff.
The report also welcomes benchmarking, but it takes the view that a successful benchmarking approach will need not just more comparable and reliable data but also a harmonised system of definitions, recording and reporting of occupational injuries and diseases.
Mr President, the dread and panic which terrorism spreads is the same regardless of whether the perpetrator is a lone sniper in Washington or large-scale networks such as Al-Qaeda.
The proposal is flawed in several key areas: it fails to recognise fundamental differences between scheduled and charter operations; it ignores, for example, the package travel directive covering the rights of charter passengers.
In any event, this was merely an excuse to redouble the pressure exerted by the lobbies of financial journalists who want, in fact, to create a general exception in their favour in the field of comitology; I am talking about self-regulation full stop.
One European government after another has been incapable of managing the uninterrupted waves of immigrants, and the recent, highly publicised agreement between France and Britain regarding Sangatte is not going to change things.
We are at present working in the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities on an initiative to achieve gender mainstreaming in the European Parliament, a kind of gender equality health programme if you like.
The next item is a statement by the Commission on the effect of low-frequency active sonar on marine life.
As for the candidate countries, I believe that this is the time to let them know, in all frankness, before the ratification of the accession treaties, that we must be clear about our common ambition: let us not confuse the new Europe with the reform of NATO.
Streets, the penal system, nightclubs, raves, are all places where hard drugs circulate freely and without regard to the minimum standards of health and safety.
What is important is that the Council and Parliament draw up and present the directive in such a way as to rule out the possibility of social dumping, and also the possibility of rigid protection of one of the parties, and I hope, therefore, that the negotiations are productive.
We also know that a drone has been discovered which is capable of spreading biological and chemical weapons, and we know the cluster bombs have also been discovered.
Every Spring Summit seems to me like a non-stop re-run of the Delors White Paper.
The referee was the Secretary-General of the UN, Kofi Annan. Miss Europe, dressed in a miniskirt, was the ring girl, holding a board bearing the words 'First round'.
They expect the European Union to herald a European way of life.
In some ways, this report is a step-by-step guide to building a European defence architecture capable of adjusting to meet present and future challenges, especially terrorism.
The comparison between a washing-up liquid, which is a detergent, and a chemically similar shampoo, a cosmetic, is a tempting one to make, but it is an exceptional case.
Do you know who wrote the script?
This price does not take account of the costs of processing from unhusked to cargo. Further, it results in better quality, more expensive rice being imported into the Community at lower tariffs.
This is furthermore a dynamic and competitive industry which, thanks to the efforts made in research and technological development, thanks to the design and quality of the products and as a result of its having specialised, has been able to consolidate and increase its influence and importance for the European and the world economy.
It was the party of this rapporteur which, some time ago, commissioned the bulldozing of a home for immigrants in Vitry-sur-Seine, so please let us remain serious.
However you shuffle the pack, the joker comes to the top.
This destruction can be seen particularly clearly in the treatment of women and young children, who are forced into prostitution, taken away to work in warehouses, factories or on rubber plantations or sold for profit.
They have an eye on the oil, the new Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline having been opened last May by BP Chairman Lord Browne.
According to those rules, you should have your ushers throw me out immediately, because I am wearing a T-shirt with a small political slogan printed on the front and back.
Mr President, this debate reminds me a little of a famous sketch by the British TV comedians Monty Python.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (FR) Mr President, I come from a country that 'deals' in nuclear technology.
To my Spanish friends I would say the following: a noble fight would be an unarmed matador against an unarmed bull that is untreated, does not have its back broken, is not drugged and is not tortured.
Now that many European countries have the globalisation blues - remember the referendum in France? - our globalisation policy ought to be a more just one, with us speaking out more emphatically in favour of fair trade and getting more serious about our commitment to the Millennium Development Goals, in which respect we are lagging behind the rest of the world when it comes to funding the war on poverty.
This report mentions how an Internet blog created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual, was shut down.
In this area, we do see the solid outlines of a possible accommodation between the concerns of those who, like yourselves, are more ambitious where the environment is concerned and those who are more ambitious when it comes to competitiveness. The two sets of concerns are not mutually exclusive.
Secondly, with regard to human rights, Mr Putin, with his angelic face of a judoka trained by the KGB, repeats to us time and again: 'I have nothing to do with this business'.
The Commissioners go on the Microsoft yacht for their holidays, the British Prime Minister has close relations with Lord Browne of BP, and so on and so forth, but that has nothing whatsoever to do with business.
Our farmers, for example, are basically confronted with problems similar to those of the campesinos in Mexico or of Latin American SMIs, faced, as they are, with the confiscation of their intellectual property, their expertise and, above all, faced with their gradual wiping out by a global trade system that pits our banana producers in the French West Indies and the Canaries against producers from Honduras or Nicaragua, solely to benefit multinationals like Chiquita.
Let me say to anyone who feels under attack wherever they are - and, as a gay man, I could have been born in Poland, Latvia or the Czech Republic in fear of my life, in fear of my job - you are not alone, we are with you and we will win for the simple reason that goodness and justice always succeed in the end.
Let me take you back to an Arctic night in January 1968, still the era of the Cold War - indeed the facts of this story sound like an international thriller.
This situation is comparable to that of an unsatisfied customer who goes back to the bicycle shop and says 'fine, you can swap the bike, but only for a scooter'.
The report has our backing because it is a complete document that includes two unique Portuguese drinks initially overlooked by the Commission, namely Madeira rum and poncha da Madeira.
It is a good idea to change over to LED lights as soon as possible, but this Directive is about mercury in measuring devices and not about low-energy light bulbs.
Martin, let us not forget, this is not a penalty shootout, but a penalty awarded mid-game!
President Barroso travelled to Greece this weekend to size up the situation for himself.
I am not advocating alcohol prohibition, but I believe that our chance as MEPs to deal with alcohol as a potentially killer drug of addiction, the use of which needs to be seriously, not mildly, restricted, has been missed.
An Austrian writer, Gerd-Klaus Kaltenbrunner, once said that there are two types of oppressed community and individual victim: one with and one without sex appeal.
It sometimes resembles the combination of an Argentine tango with a Brazilian samba.
Finally I hope now that other aspects of aviation safety and security can be introduced EU wide, including cockpit door and baggage hold surveillance.
Because the couple are under house arrest they used a webcam link to take part in a hearing of the European Parliament on the human rights situation in China.
In particular, we have focused on strengthening our resources on the ground in our most important markets by creating market access teams that bring together a business, a Member State and Commission staff and experts.
So it was a popular Constitution in most respects, but the test is to win the grand slam of 27 'yeses' and zero 'nos'.
As top Italian football coach Giovanni Trapattoni would probably put it, 'Belts off, bottles empty, shoes off!'
It is partly, though, a result of the rush into biofuels: the EU proposal of a 10% increase in fuel for transport; in America, the 30% of corn crops now going into ethanol, reducing the land available for food and pushing up the price of cornflour.
Now, as we all know, that too is easier said than done, and there are still a number of problems that we need to solve together, be it regarding poultry, hormones, cattle, or the very sensitive issue - which the Commissioner mentioned - of the US requirement that every container be scanned.
This means rules that prevent people from stealing and squatting on public property, forcing children to beg or women into slavery, but also those that prohibit discrimination and persecution of the poor, and the decades-old repression of people who no longer know what nationality they are and are travellers not through choice, but because after fleeing so many times, the only thing that remains is life on the road.
I am afraid this macho technology drives far too much of French foreign policy.
The greatest victory, though, has probably been succeeding in making the instrument applicable within 24 months of the Regulation's entry into force to all categories of car, from small cars to SUVs and to vehicles of a larger size which often, because of their large weights, are the ones that cause the most physical damage to citizens.
The Lisbon Treaty is therefore void, despite all the schemes that it would seek to impose on the European people, the will of the ruling euro-globalist camarilla.
But for the last thirty years we have had mass unemployment and a sharply declining birth rate, which has taken us from baby boom to old folks boom and plunged the funding of our pensions into crisis.
Secondly, a clear commitment to implement structural reforms, as defined in the framework of the Lisbon Strategy and the national reform programmes, would be crucial to boost consumer and investor confidence in the short term and to improve the resilience and dynamism of our economies in the longer term.
With a lever of a mere USD 5 000 the New York trader had succeeded in triggering a wave of speculation on oil that was to wreak havoc throughout the world economy.
It is not obvious to consumers when they buy ketchup or yoghurt that they contain lots of sugar.
As for the numerous remarks about the brain drain - in particular those of Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr Borghezio, Mrs Budreikaitė, Mr Moreno, Mrs Lambert and Mrs Roure, I believe the European Parliament has expressed its legitimate concerns about including in the Blue Card safeguards to transform the brain drain into a brain gain, and it seems to me that there are three main ways to do this.
(DE) Madam President, the meat scandal in Ireland has made waves throughout Europe, including Austria where, as a bizarre consequence of the scandal, Irish meat was sold as Tyrolean bacon.
Perhaps it would be possible to ensure that both the cameraman's job and our job are made easier.
The case of the Romanian handball player Marian Cozma, brutally murdered by two members of Hungary's Roma community, shows us once again that crime knows no borders and that ignoring the problems of this community is counterproductive.
Personally, I can live with postponing it until 5 March; I can even live with a 'speed vote' withdrawing that amendment.
I await the day when the United States of America or Australia wake up to the fact that there is bullfighting in Spain and elk hunting in Finland.
In harmony with the new Italian-Russian remix, South Stream, the energy project of that name is, however, in danger of being scrapped.
The Commission will endeavour to have all the measures planned in the roadmap adopted as soon as possible.
However, on reading the EU 2020 strategy and our parliamentary resolution, I find that our ambitions are limited to a shy flirtation with the free market economy.
Of course, in this regard it is important - as has already been said - for ports and hinterland connections to be given due consideration in connection with corridors and trans-European networks.
Mr Sturdy also put a question with respect to a recent case, the so-called 'modem case', where the Commission had, in fact, looked at three aspects: the dumping, the subsidisation and also the safeguards.
In accordance with the resolution, I believe that it is crucial that once the final new regulatory framework has been adopted, a summary note and new Frequently Asked Questions should explain this framework in detail to all market players.
(ES) Mr President, I do not wish to repeat the important points already made by my fellow Members, so I will simply add that it is good to hear of Lady Ashton's involvement in the Human Rights Council session held at this very important time.
The result is a cake that gives them belly ache.
There is a need for agreement and a bioethical guideline to prevent us from creating human beings as uniform, functional monsters, in the same way as we do with animals, such as the bundle of muscle in Belgium vaguely reminiscent of a cow, barely holding up a mass of beef on wobbling legs.
I am aware that this measure is the subject of strong criticism, especially in those Member States which, in the past, to a large or very large extent, have claimed the arable premiums for silo corn land as compensation instead of the bullock premium.
The capital Kabul had scarcely been taken when the Taliban began by imposing Koran law on everyone: compulsory wearing of the chador and prohibition of any form of education and work for women.
The media have recently reported in depth about the increasingly serious conflicts about land there, in particular on the case of Hacienda Bellacruz.
We are still watching those responsible for the 15, 000 former Vietnamese boat people who reside in Hong Kong.
Looking at the Chamber, one can clearly see that this report is not a great best-seller, even though it deals with a most important sector and is perhaps one of the best reports ever produced by Mrs Theato.
So, dear colleagues, I would like you for a moment to imagine yourselves in the shoes of those who have good reason to believe that they would be cast, in this scenario, in the role of the new slaves rather than the new aristocrats.
On 7 and 8 February alone, a Vietnamese, a Lebanese asylum seeker and two Polish citizens were attacked and very seriously injured in Germany, and a 17-year-old punk was a victim of racist violence in Magdeburg.
To the extent that research is directed not to scoops for the newspapers, but to improvements in the human condition - thinking of all the research on medication - it cannot be stopped.
Telecom TENs, in my view, can only be compared up to a point with the other TENs in energy and transport, where the main aim is to improve or create network infrastructure, in other words hardware.
The Japanese Yakuza are not just active in Tokyo, but also in Düsseldorf and Toronto.
Think of the Derby for instance.
For years we have been told of such experiments and the Member States grant a handful of pittances in order to fool public opinion.
Vast areas of the countryside have been transformed into drug plantations, and prostitution and trafficking in stolen cars flourish under the direction of various Albanian bosses.
We can see how alive sign language is when what is being said and done in a television programme is interpreted on a split screen or in a window placed on the screen.
Mr President, the Commission shares the opinions expressed in all the motions for resolutions on the importance of doping in sport.
Here we have a vessel which bursts into flames in international waters, drifts through Danish territorial waters and ends up on German territory, and there we all are, sitting down together and playing a kind of official 'pick up sticks'.
If you would walk outside right now and you saw somebody taking a baseball bat to a dog's head, what would you do?
And the business is not in the welfare of the animals, it's on producing a profit.
In fact, if we were meant to be on the top of the food chain, don't you think we would have some claws to rip through flesh?
In fact, there is a warning label on fish.
How many slices of bacon would you want?
We are not even done with breakfast, this is not including the toast with cow's butter you might put on it.
If you guys want more information, you can always email me at james@arff.org
Management teams seem increasingly disconnected from their staff.
They can give them more control over pricing, which is what the band Radiohead did with its pay-as-you-like online release of its album
In an even more radical stance against consumerism, the company placed a  Don't Buy This Jacket  advertisement during the peak of shopping season.
However, the next 10 years, if like the last 10 years, we're going to see 30 percent more traffic.
I'd like to put this kind of Friday night bar discussion aside and get you to actually step into the lab.
And at that moment, when I heard that, I just got catapulted out of the subway car into a night when I had been getting a ride in an ambulance from the sidewalk where I had been stabbed to the trauma room of St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan, and what had happened was a gang had come in from Brooklyn.
Then in 2005 I co-founded a non-profit organization for youth and young adults with physical disabilities so they could get involved with action sports.
The great Sam Gross cartoon, this happened after the Muhammad controversy where it's Muhammad in heaven, the suicide bomber is all in little pieces, and he's saying to the suicide bomber,
My example, somebody might ask, why did the Duke basketball team win the national championship in 2010?
Why is this golf club so light?
So I went and bought khaki shorts or whatever, and unfortunately, their branding was all about  Keep It Simple.
I opened up a magazine, and Visa's branding was,
But the Media Lab is an interesting place, and it's important to me because as a student, I was a computer science undergrad, and I discovered design later on in my life.
The great graphic designer Paul Rand designed the IBM logo, the Westinghouse logo. He basically said,  I've designed everything.
From everything from a weird hotel lobby, to Saran wrap placed over your window, to this moment where I had my road in front of my house paved dark black, and this white moth was sitting there dying in the sun.
And the CAT scan revealed no blood clots in the lung, but it showed bilateral, visible, palpable breast masses, breast tumors, that had metastasized widely all over the body.
Since we're in Edinburgh, I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
Bell says,  What sort of crossing did you have on the ferry from Burntisland?
Marketing tricks it.
What I want to do is share some of the coolest things that are going on with you.
An anti-Sandinista guerrilla was mortally wounded as Commander Zero attacked a town in Southern Nicaragua.
A destroyed tank belonging to Somoza's national guard was left as a monument in a park in Managua, and was transformed by the energy and spirit of a child.
The next day I left for Rwanda, and it was like taking the express elevator to hell.
I remembered the time I had to buy my niece a gift and overdosed on pink, pink, pink, pink, pink!
About 100 days ago, we landed a two-ton SUV on the surface of another planet, on the surface of Mars.
You could never put a human inside of an airbag, because they would get squashed.
Day one-- I drop out of medical school and start dealing on the black market.
She was just wearing this tank top tonight at the party and then she made a cameo appearance
Have I told you you're quite irresistible in that sexy skin-tight getup?
So, I was invited to tell my story, but telling my story would either mean to talk about my favourite football team, which I can assure you, would not be a good idea at the moment, or it would be about some other topics that I'm dealing with every day, basically related to design research in the context of interaction technology, so it would basically be about how people interact with things and with machines.
He didn't show up at the tennis courts and even stopped part-timing at the family restaurant.
We'll be preparing the bbq while you're gone.
They share your environmental stressors, the asbestos levels and lead levels, whatever you're exposed to.
You know, coyote in Central Park, a whale in the Gowanus Canal, elk in Westchester County.
Suppose we want this quad here to perform a triple flip and finish off at the exact same spot that it started.
You know, I can do an interview by myself.
Then the hippie movement was born, right?
Now customer service means getting a reply to your email within 24 hours.
Your network is not on Linkedln, your conversation does not happen on a blog and you can't have a discussion on Twitter.
So, the first whale shark tourism spot was set up in the late 1980s, in western Australia, and today, there are whale shark tourism destinations in over 20 countries: in Mexico, and Belize, in Mozambique, and Kenya, in the Philippines, in the Seychelles, and of course, in Australia.
I have to talk about astronomy without showing you any single image of nebulae or galaxies, etc. because my job is spectroscopy.
You try to play it cool, play the bluff... Bu you know you're gonna fuck up.
Mars has the Grand Canyon of the solar system, Valles Marineris.
I'm one to stray away from theological arguments, although I might eventually do a whole philosophy playlist, but I want to be very careful not to offend anyone's sensibilities, because that truly, truly, truly is not my intention.
Why are you playing the koto?
Then we started building the piece, which was a nine - or ten-month process. Incredibly laborious. The biggest, most light points we've ever used.
When the soldiers burst in her cell to rape her oldest daughter, she grabs hold of her and refuses to let go, even when they hold a gun to her head.
Feminism has never been sexy, but let me assure you that it never stopped me from flirting, and I have seldom suffered from lack of men.
The term remix originally applied to music.
Early example: the Sugarhill Gang samples the bass riff from Chic's  Good Times  in the 1979 hit  Rapper's Delight .
They play extremely loud blues music that soon will be known as—
By the mid-1970s Led Zeppelin are the biggest touring rock band in America, yet many critics and peers label them as rip-offs.
You may say before this gentleman anything which you may say to me.
In this case I found her biography sandwiched in between that of a Hebrew rabbi and that of a staff-commander who had written a monograph upon the deep-sea fishes.
Here is the test kit package insert from Abbott Laboratories.
It demands that we bring all of our senses to the task, and that we apply the very best of our thinking, our feeling and our doing to the challenge that we have at hand.
- 'What is that?' - 'Kangaroo.' - 'Ah!'
Act like a superstar
And then, if they walk in the living room and the husband is watching a television show where the women do look like that, don't think, man, that that doesn't impact your wife negatively.
Just European techno punk kind of stuff, you know.
The basic HTML for grabbing the canvas object is pretty straightforward.
And I thought, maybe I can be a reporter and doctor gynecologist.
However, only one or two of my guests were ever bold enough to stay and eat a hasty- pudding with me; but when they saw that crisis approaching they beat a hasty retreat rather, as if it would shake the house to its foundations.
When the arm was intact, but paralyzed, the brain sends commands to the arm, the front of the brain, saying,  Move,  but it's getting visual feedback saying,  No.
And when the arm disappears, the bonus is, the pain disappears because you can't have disembodied pain floating out there, in space.
Another theory is they are acid junkies and potheads, right?
And going out into the community and interviewing your neighbors about what kind of food they buy and from where and why -- that's a homework assignment.
And if they're on a smart phone on Google they've got access to more knowledge and information than president Clinton did 15 years ago.
So, as she mentioned, that is overstated for sure, but that's why they called me the godfather of modern street skating.
But how come that you are selling tacos?  and he tells me how he has taken a loan, he's taken a 120 000 pesos loan, and has already paid back 240 000 pesos, and he's got 120 000 left to pay back.
Is copyright and file sharing discussed on their website?
When the Pirate Bay was shut down after the raid- -you didn't have any servers left, right?
It's even more difficult in Edinburgh because you have to count all the whisky and the tartan.
But Danny, the whole American endeavor is about life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness.
# junkies in the alley with the baseball bat.
After undergraduate, I went to a coporate career that, literally, took me around the world.
You will take into account the food, the number of people going on this expedition, and the fuel for such a journey.
So, you put all those together and you can make some really amazing, wonderful music that you can do anywhere.
We can make beats in the car, right?
My golf swing is stronger and faster.
So throughout the television series she is constantly going to Mac asking her for help in how to break into wifi networks and how to create websites and how to hack into different things and they work together as a pair on various projects.
And the time was 1994, when he and his wife Mackenzie Tuttle Bezos, of the class of 1992, exchanged the security of Wall Street, where they worked at D.E. Shaw &amp; Co., for the uncertain prospects of a dot com start-up.
So, this was the terminal point for silk route.
But in fact it does make a difference, and in fact there's one particular nerd who has been a particularly effective altruist because he got this.
It could be anything. It could be salsa music or a comedy routine -- it doesn't matter.
The batteries on his iPod died after the third hour, leaving him with nothing to do except eavesdrop on the middle-aged couple ahead of him.
Once all the artwork is in place, you can use an expression script that creates links between the body parts.
These are not bad people; these are not narrow or superficial relationships.
How we wanted to be identified ourselves and in which way we wanted to identify that political environment.
Bowling ?
We're thinking about all the local power shifts, regional power shifts going on in the Ukraine and Belgium, Canada and Sweden and New Zealand.
Then all three left the apartment together, something they had not done for months now, and took the electric tram into the open air outside the city.
And inside that pantheon you have a whole bunch of pagan god statues.
You're lookin for the nigga with the tallest 'fetti You're overlookin every nigga that ain't quite ready
This first Continental Congress supported destruction of the tea, pledged to support a continued boycott, and went home in late October 1774 even more united in their determination to protect their rights and liberties.
Or just think about American jazz or American movies -- they go everywhere.
If you've got an iPhone you've got sonar on there -- it's that same pinging that goes down to the bottom and comes back up.
This is a story on the yacht club that's all basically blue collar.
Blue-collar yacht club, where you can join the yacht club, but you've got to work in the boat yard, as sort of condition of membership.
How queer and quiet it is,  she said.
And she turned her face toward the streaming panes of the window of the railway carriage and gazed out at the gray rain-storm which looked as if it would go on forever and ever.
But after a few days spent almost entirely out of doors she wakened one morning knowing what it was to be hungry, and when she sat down to her breakfast she did not glance disdainfully at her porridge and push it away, but took up her spoon and began to eat it and went on eating it until her bowl was empty.
Although, Jennifer Lawrence does a phenomenal job in the role of Katniss, we should take a moment to talk about race and casting in the film.
You'll have created a complete set of subtitles, using Universal Subtitles!
look at drilling on the other federal leases, okay?
You are allowed to integrate sponsors in TEDx communiation measures. Show their logo on the invite, a poster, your website or your program booklet.
By virtue of being students at a major U.S. university, I assume you have access to a wide variety of scholarly journals.
When you don't do that, when you eat good normal healthy food and no MSG, and MSG is now being put into virtually everything you buy on the shelves in the grocery store. And it's in everything; in restaurants, because the restaurant people also know that it's addictive and people come back for it.
Back to the regulation red-velvet dress.** The colour of power and a discreet nod to her simple, pious predecessor.
Watermelon is a safe word.
The study Jackson performed focuses on storytelling with the Coronco people in Sierra Leone.
And the gag is that, of course, these aren't just running through the market.
It's trying to get a grasp on you, on the firmware inside the human skull, so that it can recommend what movie you might want to watch next -- which is a very, very difficult problem.
You mean sending me a fax?
It's more underground because it's more up-to-date..
Now it's not a sequel, remake or adaptation but it is a genre film, sci-fi and most tellingly it's a member of a tiny subgenre where sympathetic white people feel bad about all the murder, pillaging and annihilation being done on their behalf.
Darryl Hannah's eye patch is a not to the lead characher in The Call Her One Eye and the tune she is whistling is taken from the 1968 thriller Twisted Nerve
We got an aluminum canoe now instead of a birch bark. Hard to get trees that size these days, but we still rice.
The shield laws are our laws -- pretty much a patchwork of state laws -- that prevent a journalist from having to betray a source.
And I began to realize that there are different ways of doing diplomacy -- that diplomacy, like business, is a business of solving problems, and yet the word innovation doesn't exist in diplomacy; it's all zero sum games and realpolitik and ancient institutions that have been there for generations and do things the same way they've always done things.
It's going to look like a John Ford Western.
And that's why I went out and I picked up a best-selling business book.
Then we're going to make an escalator that helps you get up there.
I felt trapped because the life I was living cost me 11 hours a day inside a windowless bunker.
This is a shipping container.
These scenes help to separate her from many of the so called strong female characters in popular culture who just replicate the stoic, unemotional, unaffected, macho archetype where somehow they go through extreme violence and trauma with no visible effect at all.
The rifle I was operating was standard M24 sniper rifle.
You can set up Trendspottr tabs to show who the top trending sources are for  travel  to help you target key potential influencers, clients and affiliates.
I'm really passionate about my triathlons and about keeping fit, because I think keeping fit makes you feel good, gives me a lot of confidence in my life, it gives me structure and also I feel the discipline enables me to really use my time productively.
The epidemic was introduced to the US by actually one male steward on an airline flight, who got the disease in Africa and brought it back.
They also practiced a clown act when the future of furniture was not nearly as auspicious as it turned out to be.
The California sea lion takes the Molas as soon as they come into the bay, rips off their fins, fashions them into the ultimate Frisbee, Mola style, and then tosses them back and forth.
They play with the guns and there is free soda and there is the giant balls basically I work at Disneyland as far as they're concerned.
AND HE PULLS OUT HlS NlNJA SWORD AND SAYS,
And we'll stop first at the Basilica of Maxentius, the last of the great civic buildings built in Rome before Constantine moved the capital.
I don't actually think that the stereotype of a businessperson treading all over people to get to the top, generally speaking, works.
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
In other words, play is our adaptive wildcard.
Ten years ago was a seminal trip, where we explored that big iceberg, B-15, the largest iceberg in history, that broke off the Ross Ice Shelf.
I am six years old, and I don't cry when we leave home and we come to America, because I expect it to be a place filled with rare and wonderful things like bananas and chocolate and Bazooka bubble gum,
So we find this penny kind of fossilized in the floor, and we think that a very wealthy man must have left it there because regular people don't just lose money.
In fact, if I just connect back to our lab systems through the Web, we can see in real time just some kind of idea of how many viruses, how many new examples of malware we find every single day.
So that the vitality of Qatar is due to the fact that it is an offshore British criminal.
So you were a bad boy from then on?
I love kids, I can be a babysitter too.
No Ma'am I'm a mormon missionary
It's not because they really, really like being in the office and they can't stand strolling in the park or having a lazy brunch.
Appreciate every mixtape your friends make
So I applied, and a few weeks later, I got contacted by a skipper.
Think of it as being kind of the bulldozing of a city or of a forest, because it clears it away.
Because of that, I became interested in blue tape, so in San Francisco, at C.C., I had a whole exhibition on blue tape.
Cochineal is a product of an insect that lives off these cacti.
Cos I went for a 45 minutes nap and my hair is like this!
Enter a pixel value on the [Property bar].
- This represents a surveillance equipment aircraft to survey the areas, the movement of the currents, and to monitor Earth systems.
You cannot be a conventional architect, a conventional engineer, work for the telephone company, or any other of the old establishment and come up with an idea that is a radical innovation.
I stuck that thread so it lasted a few days.
Our first impression is of an urban Adam and Eve, ... ... or a moment of flirtation in the forest.
That's $three per guava at full price.
Perfect for sleeping in a hammock!
I love the next coolest gadget.
She's a character in this doll anime called  Rozen Maiden.
I have another scoop for you.
Beatsy tells us that. Just as way we can explore the territories of our conscience, just as Halim says we can improve with butter in our coffee, and a very accurate monitoring of our body and find what could help us drop from 120 kg to 75 kg with 0.5% body fat.
So Noam and I had this insight that if we want our students to understand how computers work, and understand it in the marrow of their bones, then perhaps the best way to go about it is to have them build a complete, working, general-purpose, useful computer, hardware and software, from the ground up, from first principles.
This was the Internet, this black box with a red light on it, as represented in the sitcom  The IT Crowd.
You can see the red hair, and I don't know if you can see the nose ring there.
You see how the smiley face slides out from under the triangle, and then slinks back under its edge.
Yeah, I finally got in on that John Wayne Gacy bio pic.
That it is the mind? Or does the mind still has so much sex appeal?