First of all, Madam President, thank you very much for keeping your word, and now, in the first session of the new year, the range of television programmes in our offices is vastly expanded.
It is therefore also required to record these activities in the form of annual reports or operational analyses and, where appropriate, to include them in the ISO 9002 certification.
The success of these guidelines will be measured by whether the EU's regional policy, based on good, solid and viable guidelines, is able to open up new possibilities and ensure that our poor and structurally weak regions can make a comprehensive contribution to growth and prosperity in the EU.
Mrs Rapporteur, you have emphasized that this is about setting specifications for a number of often very precise European objectives.
It is very important to introduce the latest technology and know-how to enterprises in regions lagging behind in development.
In the Objective 1 regions, temporary measures are urgently needed in parallel to this, namely measures to provide employment, special programmes to promote women's employment and initiatives to promote the start of selfemployment.
This also gives rise to the possibility of a positive development of the regions, because people engage and work when the conditions are right.
We are having an important debate today on the competition policy of the European Union, and we are debating a very controversial modernisation of European antitrust law, namely the Wogau report, which is much more controversial than perhaps the vote in the Economic Committee made clear.
In the case of the iron and steel industry and shipbuilding, which we have recently discussed, contracts have fallen dramatically and have resulted in a corresponding loss of jobs.
I am very grateful to the House for the debate we have had today, and I understand that the European Parliament is obviously consistently supporting competition policy in terms of content and policy, that it appreciates the work done by the Commission in principle and that it is confident that it will be able to continue this work in the future, and I am particularly grateful for all this.
Mr President, we are essentially in favour of this motion for a resolution, even if we think it can only be a request from Parliament to the Council to ensure effective criminal protection of the Union's financial interests by amending the Treaty.
Do you think it is serious, after all, for Seattle to advocate a greater role for the WTO?
A team of European inspectors should be deployed to monitor the condition of ships effectively and efficiently.
We must be grateful to those who, in the face of the lack of protection and the lack of resources, have fought courageously against the serious effects of this disaster on the coastal regions, the marine ecosystem and the fisheries resources of Europe.
Firstly, at the beginning of 1999, NATO, with the participation of most EU Member States, bombed Kosovo in the name of freedom.
We need to reduce CO2 emissions, use renewable energy and ask in general about the forests of Europe.
In an industry with an annual turnover of around EUR 600 billion, even the slightest decrease in purchasing power can have a massive impact.
There are various things that can undermine consumer confidence, such as lack of information.
Of course, a new social action programme must also take account of developments, for example in the field of information technology, must be modern and up-to-date.
The European Parliament also condemned in a resolution the continuing violence against the Serb population and urged the leaders of the Albanians in Kosovo to fully respect UN Resolution 1244, citing certain atrocities against Serbs and Roma.
I think we should also consider how best to present this to the public.
They will understand that this question must be considered at the intergovernmental conference and that it is one of the subjects on which only a special summit of the European Council can authorize the Portuguese Presidency to pursue it further because it is one of the issues outside the institutional framework in which the next intergovernmental conference will be held.
Some of the world's foreign exchange trading centres will hardly agree that tax revenues, for example through the UN, are used for good purposes around the world without remaining a substantial part of the tax revenues.
It cannot be that investment and job creation are less profitable than short-term foreign exchange and share sales.
History has taught us that the fascists use the tactics of alternation: first hot - populist and xenophobic speeches - then cold - they become visible, they are represented in institutions that gradually infiltrate and undermine them and then one day attack them.
What will citizens say if they are solemnly declared their rights but cannot sue them individually?
Former Commission President Jacques Delors has once again made public the idea of the European Confederation, while also pointing out that the leading avant-garde countries of the Union should move faster than others and establish their own institutions for the sake of clarity.
The main problem is that at the present time the burden distribution between the various donors is set out - this is true - in the statements of the high level steering group, but it is also true that they have no legal force but that it is only a political obligation.
If you want to achieve that 50% or more of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, you must not settle for some hot spots that are more economical in the short term.
Reverse acts are bad acts, unfair and often impracticable.
What are the values of those socialists who, in the last century, refinedly voted for more social justice for the poorest, and who today are only the party of the favoured officials, trade union officials and state capitalism?
The outermost regions, and in particular the four French overseas departments, must be able to coordinate INTERREG III and the EEC in order to finance cooperation projects with their ACP neighbours in their respective geographical areas.
Please democratize the international organizations.
Fear and unrest also prevail in regions that are prosperous and almost unemployed.
Never believe that the budgetary reform you are proposing will mask the limitations of the Community's financial system.
Mrs McCarthy, for example, proposes to increase funding for URBAN and to announce this Community initiative through a costly publicity campaign to promote the welfare of federal Europe.
But we have amended the draft report adopted by the Committee on Agriculture in order to clarify certain points and to make this Community initiative more practical.
My question, Commissioner Byrne: It was just at the UN conference in Montreal that it was insisted that there must be a labelling of genetically modified organisms in international trade.
That is why we have always advocated a progressive system of cost cover, one that takes very strongly into account the social, environmental and economic effects and whose application should be variable in view of the different geographical and climatic conditions.
In my view, it is not necessary to unify all national social protection systems, as has never been the case, but it is simply a matter of ensuring the best conditions for the functioning of the internal market in a Europe of 30 or 27 countries, without one State being able to block the other 26 or 27.
I am concerned about this because if we adopt a text, we would risk constantly being sued by the World Trade Organization, which would lead to a complete challenge to European environmental legislation and in particular to this proposal.
If we are to motivate everyone, I believe that this message must be spread from the top down - or, if you like, from the bottom up - at all levels.
I would like to know if you are going to stop the funds completely at this time until a proper investigation has taken place.
In the midst of the election campaign, a number of figures, all from the ruling party, held clear campaign speeches that were also broadcast live on television.
Many of these requests are based on the highly constructive, informal discussions that took place between Parliament and the Council in connection with the first reading.
It is well known that a considerable part of the aid is now being used through the Member States' measures, which are not always complementary and coordinated.
In the light of the results of these evaluations, I should like to mention the following problems: there are too many and too vague objectives in Community policy and this has a detrimental effect on coherence.
These countries already represent 13% of the world's population, but only 0.4% of exports and 0.6% of imports worldwide.
I have refrained from speaking for another reason: I think it is time for the institutions of the European Union to stop experimenting and looking for good practice for the necessary steps and instead start giving concrete clues to the citizens of the Union about what Europe really wants to be.
I am speaking against an unworthy and inhuman organization that literally leaves hundreds of millions of human beings crippled by poverty in order to increase the wealth of a minority.
The question of certain joint investment firms in securities (JIS) may appear complex and technically and politically risky.
Finally, I should like to mention that some of my colleagues believe that this proposal goes too far, while others think that I am not liberal enough.
The rights of detainees; the authorities entitled to seek legal aid - we believe that the Council has treated them somewhat lightly.
More than 95 percent of all people living with HIV live in developing countries, and the worst affected region in the world is sub-Saharan Africa.
Secondly, it is also unfair to workers in other firms where there is also reorganization and job losses.
Human rights are systematically and permanently violated there, not only by UNITA but also by the government itself.
The Angolan government must immediately authorise UN representatives to mediate and report on human rights.
We therefore call for the freedom of expression of journalists - more than twenty were imprisoned last year - to continue.
It is therefore very shameful that such a thing can happen at all.
Secondly, I would like to clear up a cliché based on an apparent paradox which is clearly apparent from Eurostat statistics: the world's leading tourist countries are not the countries traditionally regarded as tourist, but the more developed nations where the quality of life of the local population is a decisive factor in advertising and attraction.
But I also believe that in the future it will be necessary to make the universal service attractive accordingly.
This is the defence of a territory, the preservation of a homeland and, more generally, the protection of vital interests.
As you know, the Iraqi government has refused to accede to UN Resolution 1284, which is expected to lead to the fact that in the next six to seven weeks the members of the Special Commission responsible for controlling the destruction of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons will not be granted entry visas.
The WWF reports that, according to Italian, French and Spanish customs, illegal fishing for bluefin tuna and the landing of young fish are on the rise.
And above all, we want to blame this economy where a company can pollute an entire region or ruin it by shutting down operations in order to make extra profits.
It would therefore be much more sensible to examine why some countries and regions are cutting so poorly than to declare that we are significantly behind the United States.
This results in both market and public responsibility.
But we do not want to bureaucratize or centralize Europe.
I am certainly not particularly radical or revolutionary, but my colleagues felt that something was missing at a time when we are trying to bring Europe back to the people, because we want them to know what we are doing here.
If in the United Kingdom farmers are going bankrupt every day, if the suicide rate among farmers and agricultural workers is as high as ever, if the economy in the rural areas of the United Kingdom is falling rapidly, how can I explain that it is better to spend 300 million euros on Kosovo?
For example, why not consider the idea that a certain number of citizens - let us say from three different EU countries - can launch a citizens' initiative, which can then be channelled through the European Parliament?
Does the Commission not feel that, given the EU's support for the UN resolutions on Western Sahara and the concern generated by this ambiguous letter, it should quickly and in agreement with the Council formally ask the UN Secretary-General for assurance of the international legal status of the waters of Western Sahara?
It is not possible to continue to openly violate basic environmental legislation.
I would like to address only three of the areas in which my group has been actively involved: the demand to take action against attacks on independent journalists, the demand to protect conscientious objectors and deserters, and the demand to develop smart sanctions, smart sanctions, not directed at large sections of the population, but against the tyrannical heads of corrupt governments who have acquired wealth.
I think those who want to debate human rights seriously in the EU should actually talk about human rights as well and not try to abuse these valuable and good reports into tactical domestic games.
We will also consider how we can intensify these measures.
Mr Pirker has not spoken about the Rules of Procedure, but, clever as he is, he has given a short two-and-a-half-minute speech under the guise of an application for the Rules of Procedure, which must be examined as an Austrian who also comes from Carinthia.
In fact, they are very different and need to be treated separately.
How do we create new markets?
Moreover, democratic control of national intelligence services is in any event primarily a matter for national parliaments.
However, the police counter-strategy necessary for this remains a priority within the national competence.
Firstly, the creation of better international standards within the framework of ICAO, cooperation within this organisation to achieve a common goal, namely to further reduce noise at airports and thus reduce noise pollution through the use of state-of-the-art technologies, with a deadline for phasing out the most noise-intensive aircraft by setting up a Chapter 4.
The EU could immediately take concrete and effective measures, for example on debt issues or technology transfers, where only indecision and inefficiency are observed.
The role of NGOs must be emphasized.
We are also opposed to the Union for a Europe of Nations group financing EUR 5.5 billion for the Balkans region through an increase in the ceiling for European external expenditure and a reduction in the ceilings for agriculture, and we are opposed to the perfidious argument that these funds do not come from agriculture but from the additional margins for 2001 and 2002.
Is it any wonder then that some people who are psychologically vulnerable at best and criminally conscious at worst lose all orientation and commit reprehensible acts not only because of geographical distance or cultural differences but also because these values are lost in their own country?
Children are at risk of surfing the Internet and even encountering pornographic images of their peers, resulting in psychological harm.
I believe that the Fund should finance measures to inform the public about the policies and practices of the Member States in relation to refugees, asylum seekers and other temporarily protected persons.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the thorough work he has done, but I think that the report was too pedantic and the precautionary principle was overemphasized.
Plants and animals are not factors of production that can be manipulated so easily.
If we make the use of genetically modified organisms difficult or even blocked in the EU, we will finally move away from this important area.
Moreover, the conclusions of the Presidency of the Council boldly declare the need to improve employability and, in accordance with this logic, both the information society and education are being used unhindered as tools to expand parttime employment, telework and homework.
Secondly, the most populous Member States reserve the lion's share.
Dennis Halliday, who resigned as director of the UN humanitarian mission in Iraq in protest against sanctions, confirmed UNICEF statistics that five to six thousand children die each month as a direct result of sanctions.
We must also address the bombings that take place without a UN mandate.
UNICEF says about half a million children have died as a result of this embargo for nine years, without the slightest notice being given by the civilized community.
I should like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his excellent report on this matter, and I should like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his support.
It is not often that we discuss urgent matters that could bring about change for the better, because we are very reactionary and constantly discussing things on which we have no influence.
The Commission's delegation must be sufficiently equipped to do so independently and professionally.
We had proposed such a sum in order to use the authorized funds more efficiently and profitably and to aim for strategic objectives rather than dealing with the details of individual projects.
Mr Kinnock's reform plan is visionary and realistic.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report on this matter.
I would also like to thank the Commission, because it has not been appreciated enough that it has almost always given its technical and even political support to Parliament in this whole debate - Mrs Diamantopoulou, I do not want to compromise you - especially on important amendments.
The main political theme of the whole debate was the development of a coherent space strategy and the promotion of cooperation between the European Union and ESA, based on concrete objectives and within a clearly defined framework.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur, Mr President, for his excellent report on this subject, and I would like to thank him for his excellent report.
In fact, the text we have today is so permeated by the fixed idea of discrimination that it loses sight of the basic principles of the rule of law and even of equal treatment.
It is also not logical to bomb Kosovo and then pay for its reconstruction, just as it is not logical to abolish the borders and thus lose customs revenue, only to establish OLAF to protect the financial interests of the European Union.
The Commission confirms that all projects under the third and fourth framework programmes must be completed regularly in accordance with the Treaty provisions.
Firstly, the guiding principle of security policy is military, not political, civil and cooperative, which the section on preventive and civil security policy cannot ignore.
To say that this is not a matter for the Council is a matter of pressure, to put it bluntly.
We are distancing ourselves from the ideological agenda, which the motion for a resolution calls ambitious but involves a catastrophic erosion of the democratic systems of the Member States.
Tell that to your colleagues, make sure they are here and don't hack around.
In the case of pine trees, investment returns only over a period of about 18 years, and therefore I think that logic and economic and financial coherence as well as political coherence require that the Commission be guided by continuity, logic and common sense in relation to these types of production.
There must be a way out, but I doubt if it is elegant.
We must admit, however, that under its institutional guise, the Union is still acting with little originality, while certain European policy-makers are spreading various ideas through the press that European citizens are aware of without being able to participate in any way in the discussions.
We have a historic responsibility to overcome borders - and not to escalate conflicts, as in the case of Austria.
We need, to say it in English, a nice treaty in Nice, and I'm counting on you.
President Chirac reiterated that France would support Germany's request for a seat as a permanent member of the UN Security Council, reaffirming the will to strengthen the Franco-German axis in the context of a purely intergovernmental vision of the future architecture of the European Union.
The most recent incidents have been the subject of complaints to UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan concerning massive damage to Cypriot airspace and the Nicosia F.I.R. by a total of 78 Turkish fighter jets on 27 and 30 April, 1st, 4th, 5th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 12th, 17th, 18th and 19th May 2000.
We would particularly welcome for the forthcoming budgetary procedure if the Council could act wisely and decide together with us.
We have all received a great deal of letters, documents and interviews in recent days, almost all from representatives of national railways, all of which have warned unanimously against the mandatory separation of operations from infrastructure, as required by the proposals of the rapporteur Georg Jarzembowski.
If rail transport is liberalised, we can say goodbye to rural life, and that is why we oppose this blind liberalisation and its effects!
In fact, this ban has already been challenged, but the procedure has been stopped after the Commission has made clear that it is prepared to submit validation procedures for the test methods by the end of the year so that we can test these substances and the alternative substitutes.
The British are trimming their cows with livestock flour to their highest yields to increase their quotas.
I think we have also clarified how information should be transmitted and we have pointed out that indoor pollution is also a major problem which should be addressed in the European Union's research programmes.
We cannot open a debate now, even if the subject is very contentious.
This system must be more flexible, no matter how strict the rules are, so that all sectors and all enterprises in the European Union can be accredited under the Community system for environmental management and environmental inspection.
In short, Madam President, make sure that there is a real dialogue on the basis of the Dalai Lama's five-point peace plan; then it will be a happy day for the entire Tibetan people.
The fact is, however, that the situation is still precarious, and I too, like Mrs Winkler, say that unfortunately not only the Austrian Government but also some other governments are not providing sufficient support to the Observatory.
It was easy for them to delegate or transfer the responsibilities of the other ministries to European level, but when it comes to their own, the situation is different.
In addition, the broad masses of the millions of people infected with HIV must no longer be denied the full range of care, from basic care for opportunistic infections to antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection.
That's why it worries me that there's no way to probe and search.
And it is no coincidence that Blair also proposed the free distribution of the set top box, with a double advantage in mind: for the economy and for the pluralism of information and culture in his country.
The real problem is that the nations are forcing their resistance and enforcing their right to thorough information.
The digital revolution will open up many new forms of use of audiovisual works: for example, video on demand via the Internet.
We all live longer, and sport takes up more space in our lives, not only to keep our bodies fit but also to keep our minds and souls fit, and this fact must be taken into account in European legislation.
Our task must be to reposition sport in a changing society with new modern, technological and medical possibilities and to preserve its values.
They recognize that it is a prerequisite for consumers to shop online, and our main objective must therefore be to foster that trust, which in turn will benefit businesses in the form of a broader customer and consumer community.
We need to build trust, but even if these new systems don't exist yet, there's no reason why consumers online shouldn't enjoy the same rights as offline.
(Applause) Dialogue must not be a make-up for violence and terrorism, dialogue must not be a capitulation to crime, political dialogue is only possible if the bombs and guns are silenced and democratic values are recognized.
Fourthly, how do you want to ensure that the report's stronger inclusion of pension funds in venture capital does not lead to possible losses of the amounts paid and thus goes against the objective of the contributors of securing a safe end of life?
The question of the European dimensions of buses sounds trivial, but it is not.
It is easy to imagine that country-by-country differences are even greater, especially since it is advantageous for States to cheat in order to keep the basis for the VAT or GNP own resources to be deducted as low as possible.
However, this does not apply to basic rights such as the right of all workers to strike or join a trade union.
Well, let's all say that it's precisely the new possibilities of expansion to formerly dictatorial and totalitarian governments that enable us to grow beyond ourselves.
The Community actions supporting the Community programme are not only complementary to the legal framework of the Directive, but are also intended to provide additional information, expertise and the basis for completing and improving this legal framework.
Furthermore, I think it is necessary to offer programmes to help reduce and address violence and aggression, which are certainly not so spectacularly marketable and will therefore have lower turnover rates, but which can make a substantial contribution to a certain level of harm reduction and control.
We have a responsibility to our youth that they can shape a future society where violence and aggression are not portrayed as hip, cool or imitable, but deeply reprehensible.
They can fax the text of the law, but they have no influence on it and cannot prevent it, even if so many citizens have voted against it.
For example, there is a debate on form in paragraph 11 of the Duhamel report, in which the Constitution is designed to prevent - I quote - a return to an arrière.
It should also not happen in the Council that, for example, what has happened recently - the Agriculture Ministers reject a Commission proposal for austerity, i.e. the Agriculture Ministers vote for higher expenditure and then the Council of Finance Ministers reduces expenditure on agriculture.
The second aspect: if the increasing disparity between commitments made, authorisations granted and payments made, especially in category 4 areas of external policy, results in a systematic increase in what remains - the LAN - then we must demand a higher pace, greater transparency and more effectiveness in administration.
The 2001 budget - for the sake of consolation - has a touch of Déjà-vu, because it looks very similar to the 2000 budget because heading 4 overshadows everything.
The Brok request, for its part, shows the political dimension of this work, and the oral questions by Mr Brok and Mr Miranda to the Commission characterize guidelines of central importance.
President-elect Bush, whose state has carried out 144 executions, has managed to eliminate the issue of the death penalty from the campaign, and he has discreetly and hypocritically postponed executions in his state until after the election.
Most American politicians and officials seem to support this view, sometimes representatives of government, elected representatives of the people, but also a certain attitude because they think it's popular.
They can facilitate, speed up and discount payments between banks in different countries, but banks must then inform their customers precisely that they have to indicate their IBAN number on their certificates, in addition to the fixed BLZ.
As the so-called liberal parties, including the European ones, increasingly tend to ally themselves with forces hostile to foreigners, racist and authoritarian, this not only poses a serious danger to Italy but also points to a problem affecting Europe as a whole.
How much more desirable and acceptable would be the objective of a loose community of nation-states that conduct free trade with each other and act in a uniform manner in a limited number of policy areas, and how much easier it would be to take into account a country like Turkey.
Mr President, I would like to explain what you meant when you said we were checking because the word is not in my German vocabulary.
We are in fact balancing on a strained rope and should only make decisions on the supplementary insurance we want to impose on all Member States with due thought and thorough consideration.
Some of these European savings are used to move European companies abroad as part of globalization; in some cases, it is European investments made abroad, and in others it is simply countries or issuers operating in Europe where they can better capture their resources and then transfer them abroad.
One day, it must finally be time for Europe to have its own Cape Canaveral, its own NASA and its own Silicon Valley.
I predict that this directive will also be submitted to the Court of Justice and that Parliament and the Commission will be as embarrassed as they were the first time when we are not prepared to examine the legal aspects!
But I would like to point out to those who regard the Charter as lax - and I know that many in this House also do - that it has been carefully drawn up and drafted with the aim of making it a legal norm.
My personal experience is that I'm getting more and more enthusiastic when I meet young, open-minded and well-educated Russians, but that Russian structures, whether state, economic or even mafia structures, continue to depress me more and more.
According to the proposal, duty-free market access for LCD products is to be granted as part of an amendment to the system of general tariff preferences currently applied by the Community.
European regulations are also needed because airlines should no longer be able to shop.
We can see the benefit for the manufacturer in the fact that this piece of carrots stays orange and doesn't turn gray.
We want to balkanize our cultural products !
This can only be a ruin for individual farms.
But I want to go into this story, because it is very disturbing, and in some respects also amusing, and in any case indicative of the current state of Europe at the time of Nice.
I congratulate Mr Varela on his political foresight, which I would like to call almost poetic.
The principle of subsidiarity is useful - although I would find it grotesque to deprive all drunk drivers of their driving licence - but it must be clear when drivers are considered drunk under our road transport regulations.
They just need to be able - but just like men - to manage household chores just as well as professional requirements.
Because hatred, coercion and the attempt to put pressure on the partner, vis-à-vis, have unfortunately regained the upper hand.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, Mrs McNally has previously said that her report is not particularly sexy.
I therefore hope that the renewed ban on the use of this hormone meat in Europe will alert American consumers and health authorities, so that further discussion on this subject within the WTO will be futile.
Paragraph 12 asks, asks, asks to think about how to find a specific VAT scheme for downloading publications.
With cod supplies at an all-time low Mr Nicholson is calling for restrictions to stop trawlers from catching juvenile cod.
My responsibility as a cultural politician is, firstly, to enable and secure this foundation for the existence of authors, and secondly - and I would like to know this not in order but as equivalent - not only to guarantee free access to the public, but also to ensure that high-quality content in all its diversity is made available to the public.
The only question that arises is their immediate release from Serbian prisons and their handover to the UN mission in Kosovo.
If a country deviates markedly from the recommended direction, it can only be criticized.
The debt of Ireland lies in its pursuit of economic stability, and in this context our last budget has been judged too inflationary.
If the European Commission had deliberately chosen a course to keep the United Kingdom from joining the euro by showing itself as an outdated bureaucracy that seeks to harass elected governments in a completely deviant way, it could not have done it better.
I have prepared a report on behalf of Parliament, which was adopted almost unanimously last year and in which Parliament urges the Commission to carry out the reforms as quickly as possible so as not to demoralize staff and disappoint the public.
Mr President, I do not want to make a reference to myself, but to the chairman of my group, so that I can say, as deputy chairman of the group, that Mr Poettering's speech was absolutely brilliant to me.
It would be good if the consumer could find out in real time what the cost of his conversation is right now, or at least get the right to receive a text message in retrospect within the shortest possible time announcing the cost of the conversation.
Because at a meeting of the non-permanent committee charged with investigating the Echelon case, a senior official responsible for encrypting confidential information said, "I've always had very good contacts with the NSA in Washington.
In Italy, there is already a doctor who is ready to clone humans reproductively, and 60 volunteers have already applied for it.
However, from now on, the largest amounts from these operations are to be treated as assets which cannot be recorded as government debt, thereby enabling the net debt and thus the excessive public deficit to be frozen or concealed.
Such a timeframe is necessary for the approval, financing, implementation, validation by ECVAM and approval by the Scientific Committee, and finally for its inclusion in Annex 5.
This is the industry's findings, which we should make our own and not occasionally tap into substitutes or demands that we ourselves have not yet examined, where we ourselves do not know where we are going.
I would like to say to my three colleagues who do not wish to grant a discharge that I would have been very nervous if they had said that they wish to grant a discharge.
I am the rapporteur for this report and I hope that the European Parliament will deal with it quickly so that the debate on it can take place before the UN International Conference on this subject, which is scheduled for the third week of June.
If it is acceptable for a Member State to cooperate with a UN organisation and to accept its reporting, the European Union should be able to do essentially the same.
Tobacco manufacturers are pursuing a targeted policy in this regard by presenting cigarette smoking in advertising as sporty and cool.
At Powrie Primary School in Dundee, they want to portray the enjoyment of alcohol as uncool.
Mrs President-in-Office, Commissioner, it is time to say loud and clear basta ya!
However, here again the principle of qualification must be applied primarily and the ethnic principle secondarily.
General Morillon, who is here this afternoon, served with dignity in Srebrenica and elsewhere, even though the UN mandate was very difficult and practically impossible to implement.
This is a very uncontrollable undertaking - I have heard the word extravagant before, by the way - that some Social Democrats openly express the desire for a new nationalism, but this time a European one, while the same people prove themselves incapable of fulfilling their responsibilities in their own country.
According to the IOM, every year half a million women are lured or forced into Europe to spend their lives as sex slaves.
For example, Air France recently announced an operating surplus of 10 billion francs, or about 200 000 francs per employee, and despite the sharp rise in fuel prices, the company has just increased its annual dividend to its shareholders by 57%.
This morning, an 18-seat plane was scheduled from Milan's Malpensa airport, so that, for example, Mrs Morgantini was put on the waiting list, as were many of our colleagues, and was unable to check in to be here in time for the start of the meeting, even though she had left Rome at 7.30 a.m.
On the one hand, we see the Anglo-Saxon tradition, which is shaped by the principles of laissez-faire and open market.
In my opinion, we must note that Bush and his administration have proved themselves as primitive and populist as this was to be feared.
The rules of procedure must therefore be applied rationally.
That belongs in there originally.
In fact, however, the negative examples of this much-needed mobility of companies and entrepreneurs still shock the public in my country today.
Citizens' complaints related to the fact that DVDs in the Union are significantly more expensive than in the USA and that, due to the regional coding systems for DVDs which divide the world into six geographical regions, it is not possible to play a DVD purchased in the USA on a DVD device sold in the Union.
Thirdly, the reduction of the ecological points of transit through the Alps does not reduce it as a whole, either by transferring it to Switzerland or by tricky conversion to bilateral traffic to and from Austria, or by eastern European trucks which are also not ecological points subject to a different authorisation.
The proposal provides for the establishment of an observation and information centre which can centralize the assistance requested and offered and will be linked to contact points designated by the Member States.
So the basic question remains: Why do we need our own European satellite navigation system when the Americans have already provided a working model with GPS?
This proposal for a directive simply asks us to trust the CIA by turning the tide on 27 groups that are rightly or wrongly regarded as terrorist by that agency, which, by the way, helped to create one of these groups.
Mr Commissioner, you can't leave until the last minute.
Madam President, I know some people here think you can't get to Strasbourg from Scotland, but I just want to say in Patricia McKenna's mother tongue, what goes up must come down.
Madam President, we are a small delegation of Members of the European Parliament who have just returned from the Sainte Barbe clinic here in Strasbourg, where a former Chechen minister, Mr Ibragimov, is being treated in hospital after a 27-day hunger strike.
I thank you, Mr Vande Lanotte, for your comments, in which you again stressed this aspect - the willingness to negotiate - because I believe that this demand must be addressed to the Council in particular, that flexibility in negotiations is necessary and that the various sessions do not merely repeat what has been agreed by the capitals.
Moreover, the patentability of living organisms must be prohibited as they represent the heritage of all mankind, and this common heritage cannot and must not become the sole property of private interests seeking to commercialize life.
It was called Our Friend, the Atom, and it was as brilliantly illustrated as all of Walt Disney's works, which are now, we can safely say, world-famous.
Another proposed amendment concerns the obligation to use the international account number IBAN and the international bank code BIC for banking communications.
Airlines have gone bankrupt.
I am only pointing out one point: if you do not even give this Convention the right to elect its President from among its members, you are denouncing him in front of the whole European public!
In a vote in the Committee, a majority of the Members voted in favour of an even faster implementation than the Commission had proposed, although some of us expressed concern about the Commission's indication that this would result in a net increase in CO2 emissions.
It is understandable that the Members consider our strategy for the whole region a bit confusing, but I do not see any contradiction in saying that on the one hand we must reform EuropeAid and implement the decentralization which has now begun and is to be carried forward as quickly as possible, while on the other hand I say that there can occasionally be situations, particularly crises, which require a different kind of regulation.
Of course, it can also be fifty-fifty, it doesn't have to be two-thirds of one sex and only one-third of the other.
What is more important is whether or not the procedure is to be discussed gradually.
That is why I believe, and we also trust you, Commissioner, that you have to monitor very carefully how the Member States implement these things that we have now put in place.
Home, sweet home!
An international judicial body judging crimes against humanity must be completely independent, which is not guaranteed in the specific case of the International Criminal Court, which is extremely dependent on the UN Security Council.
So there is a problem here, Commissioner, which means that we have to standardize our information formats and at the same time recognize that there are different customs within the EU when it comes to policing and information gathering.
Today, the European Parliament has given up on this compromise.
I don't want to start an institutional debate about your office right now, but I can't imagine that there could be any other personality besides you who can handle this double burden as you have to deal with it, and master it so bravely.
If the Council wants to play poker here, then we will play along, and that means for us to remain firm on this issue and support Cappato's Amendment No 14.
By their inappropriate hysteria towards illegal immigrants and asylum seekers, they demonize foreigners and fuel tensions and mistrust between different ethnic groups.
Price increases, however, occur at a café or restaurant or when you want to park your car in a familiar place.
Meanwhile, we fly nonstop to Frankfurt or Zurich, and it's three hours away by car.
If we spend money on the Agency - Mrs Stenzel said it should be less, which is true - we must know that the economic situation is still very, very sad.
Mr President, I can add to what my colleagues van Hulten and Swoboda have said because last week, at the request of a British journalist who wanted to interview me, I had the opportunity to read the Commission's report on disciplinary measures.
You want to give yourself the right again to postpone the Sixth Amendment, and if we're now quietly cooking like the little lambs, then you think you're gonna have the right to keep doing that.
The objectives of internal security and the balance of our societies are clearly and consistently second only to them.
But there can be no doubt that the responsibility for meeting the climate targets lies primarily with the signatories to the Kyoto Protocol, i.e. also with the Member States of the European Union, that burden sharing is a voluntary agreement within the European Union and that the measures proposed by the Commission and supported by Parliament must not contradict those targets.
We're against the arms trade, whether it's official, official or illegal.
Parliamentarians should be able to talk occasionally, which means they should be able to talk about important issues.
The budget, as we have it now, is characterized by the fact that even in the budgetary procedure, during the consultations, we argue very hard with each other about rearranging every million, partly every thousand, but over the course of the year we have to rearrange very much.
In a time when we are intensifying the concept of the social dimension and therefore all the instruments for it - social dialogue - and we are also talking about deepening the social question in Europe, we are letting time pass.
Mr President, the next year's budget ends with a record-breakingly low sum, as measured by the gross domestic product of the Member States.
According to a report by El País newspaper on 20 November, most ships crossing the Strait of Gibraltar refuel tankers anchored in the waters of Gibraltar, rather than in the port of Algeciras, which has better facilities.
This is a step into the future because we want to have a steering wheel, and whoever builds a computer today that is well recyclable - like this one, for example - should also be rewarded, and whoever wants to continue to produce a boring and old-fashioned device in the future must also be asked to pay for the high disposal costs.
Examples of this are the inclusion of the policies of economic and social cohesion, consumer protection or environmental policy in the Treaty, all areas whose objective is to accompany and balance the strategies of openness and liberalisation.
The European Parliament is being ignored in such a way that it would be hardly possible to make progress in this area, and therefore the urgent call on the Commission to make a number of very concrete proposals.
The result of the mediation procedure can only be described cosmetically as brilliant.
For the first time, however, there is hope that people, even if they are infected with HIV, can actually improve their lives and quality of life if they have access to medicines.
I hope that soon all citizens will be wearing a hand-C, as I like to call it, as opposed to a PC, which is a kind of wristwatch that combines a PC, a cell phone, and an LCD screen, enabling us to communicate audiovisual, process data, buy, sell and pay by voice mail, watch sports and listen to our favorite music.
But this government is not in a position to enforce the Constitution and the laws in this country.
Almost 8% of 15- to 19-year-olds chew daily, and 75% of adolescents estimate cannabis to be safe, although several studies have clearly warned against it because cannabis use poses a risk to the body and, in particular, to the psyche and leads to psychological dependencies.
We also envisage exercises in which we can simulate a larger-scale disaster, possibly even involving biological or chemical weapons.
This agreement is not sentimental, but the result of the fundamental economic and social changes of the last fifteen years, ten years of cooperation and more than five years of hard and difficult negotiations.
There has been no change in the attitude of the Amsterdam airport authorities towards Greeks who have not dyed their hair blonde and who do not wear contact lenses in order to have blue eyes.
A ban on soft drugs will only result in young people rebelling and easily switching to hard drugs.
As real as the Iraq war.
Mr President, the purpose of Mr Corbett's report is to strengthen Parliament's powers of control over the provisions for implementing the acts which have been drafted by the Commission in a framework which is mysteriously called comitology.
Instead of refueling over the Atlantic, they take a shortcut and fly over areas close to hundreds of thousands of inhabitants whose safety is thus endangered.
The question of late payments is legendary in the Union.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the report we are debating here contains a really fundamental change in regional policy.
This may make it easier for the debate in France and in other European countries to reach a clarification on reality television.
What do you need, how can we help you?' is welcomed, as a computer-controlled, but not only computer-controlled, spurnase that could really help to achieve much of what we're constantly talking about.
The Limburg colleagues should know that we have experienced the same thing and now have a thriving automotive industry in the United Kingdom; we have more international car manufacturers assembling vehicles than any other country in the European Union.
Mr. President, please write to the CEO and get Diageo to stop!
However, this reason, of course, seems a bit bizarre.
We should celebrate the diversity of the European Union and not eliminate it.
The first is the idea of setting the MRL by default at the limit of detection.
If we can incorporate a requirement in the new environmentally sound design legislation that cartridges must be replicable and recyclable, then this will be a big step forward in protecting consumer rights and will bring many benefits to the environment.
At the same time, the Commission, Parliament and the Council announce the opening of a network for cross-border passenger traffic by 2010.
Mrs President, I would like to return briefly to the very strong and yet very charming remark made by the chairmen of my group, Mrs Frassoni, that Turkish Cypriots must be given the opportunity to participate in the European elections.
So you will understand that we are not surprised when Irish missionaries civilize Europe and realize the fundamental task of draining the marshes, including that of national selfishness, of laying the foundations, including that of European democracy.
We are now witnessing the emergence of new frontiers, the beginning of a new era in which the old image of Europe is gone, in which countries which were once denied representative democracy are now given the opportunity to do so.
The top Serbian politicians take lightly the tense situation that has emerged and downplay it.
The only legitimate framework for decisions is the UN. The consequences of war would be disastrous and unpredictable.
We want to promote Europe a little less and make sure that people experience Europe a little more.
As a result of exclusive competence, the principle of subsidiarity no longer applies to the CFP, so that regional advisory bodies can never become administrative bodies.
We owe this truth first to them, but also to our children and to future generations, because those who shamelessly deny the Holocaust or, worse, try to trivialize it, have not waited until the last survivors are gone to try to tarnish this unique memory.
More than 100 organisations, NGOs, associations and trade unions are launching an international and European mobilisation and survey campaign this year.
Therefore, a current identification document, both visually and technically, is essential.
The Agency will be able to charter and use surveillance vessels, which it will then make available to observers.
Moreover, the Lisbon strategy cannot be launched unless the objectives of the Union include the establishment and implementation of measures that really help developing countries and lead them on the path to democracy and respect for human rights and the rights of workers and children.
Just to name one more example: to get a permanent Russian visa, even young children need to be tested for HIV.
This includes all the waters where people windsurf, paddle, and the like, and the result is that - before you see it - theoretically the water of the entire Swedish scallop garden needs to be checked regularly.
As we have seen, software has contributed to the development of economic sectors and enables many activities to be automated and simplified at relatively low cost.
We are talking about something completely different here: inventions that are applied by computers or that, as some amendments call them, are computer-based, that is, by devices that use computer programs.
The European Union must therefore tackle a problem of this kind on a clear front, use all the instruments of the rule of law and act on the basis of our clear respect for the protection of human rights.
In the run-up to the market order in rail passenger transport, ICE 3 was approved in France last week and the TGV is likely to follow next year.
If we concentrate solely on trade and do not take into account the other necessary components of society, we will not achieve a result.
Of course, law enforcement authorities must be given the tools to combat terrorism and serious crime, but this does not justify increasingly arbitrary gathering, linking and exchanging data and information without regard for individual rights and without the compelling need to do so until there is a clearer citizenship in the near future.
If the Bulgarian media were to film these bribery practices at the border, it would certainly be helpful, says an insider.
It is not good for manufacturers to have to juggle between different regulations, and it is also very regrettable that we have not been able to enforce our proposal that this issue should be finally resolved by 2008 at the latest.
You can log in to our website at EUDemocrats.org and enter, learn about and participate in various events directly and free of charge.
I made the effort to read her 1988 charter, which seems terrifyingly medieval and bigoted and incites anti-Semitism in many places and calls for support for jihad and Sharia law.
I just want to remind you of inventions like laser technology or X-rays or MP3 players.
We want to go beyond the framework programme and focus on the European Research Area.
In some cases, watching a football game is very expensive, as viewers must subscribe to several channels from different providers for a fee in order to watch certain games.
And finally, what happens to the lists of sports submitted by the Member States to the competent committee of the European Union, which are intended to list the disciplines, which must be broadcast free of charge and not by pay-TV?
Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that we are too shadowy in this debate and have too little respect for law and the citizen.
It's unsporting and unfair.
I am convinced that football can provide the foundation for development and self-realization, which is why I also welcome the report's mention of the need to support clubs that provide the right conditions for young people to train and learn.
Anyone who openly admits that he is HIV positive and opposes the discrimination and anger that comes with it is a warrior; a warrior because he is fighting the battles he wishes the next generation didn't have to fight.
It may be clever in certain circles to label Israel as an aggressor and oppressor, but such a view is untrue and unsound.
France has equipped Sudan, Belgium supplies arms to the autocratic Kabila in the Congo, among other things, so that he can massacre the opposition.
We buy and sell goods and services, chat and meet each other.
We all know that the real economy is based on the production, distribution and consumption of goods in accordance with people's needs, whether those needs are real, imaginary or generated by advertising.
However, under strict conditions, biofuels can contribute to a more sustainable energy supply if we ensure that tropical rainforests are not deforested so that we can fuel our cars.
I agree with my colleagues, in particular Mr Paasilinna, that we cannot be doctrinal in energy matters and that we cannot consider renewable energies as a universal remedy in themselves.
And again, we, my group, are very happy that they are included, but how do you want to match that to the other members, for example in Latin America, with whom we have free trade agreements?
The Israeli electricity company can reduce the electricity supply of the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza to an absolute minimum, and the Mekorot company will ration the water and leave the distribution to Hamas.
Innovation will certainly not be promoted as long as multis with gold-developed balance sheets can pool the vast majority of research and development funds in their accounts, while those who actually depend on such support stand idly by.
Sarkozy speaks pompously about everything and nothing, but in thirty minutes not a single word was heard socially.
How is it that an EU that supports human rights and the abolition of torture cannot really answer for this barbarism or help to find the truth, but only delivers unpaid dementies and vague assurances that it was not involved?
Lenin said that extremism is the children's disease of communism. One could paraphrase Lenin and claim that extremism may be a children's disease of all political, religious, economic and ideological concepts.
European dealers and processors are no longer ordering but are waiting for better offers from China.
Such a check-up is particularly appropriate when a financial crisis is brewing, when the call for global warming is turning into an uncertain battle, or when the international community is trying to restart a peace process that could resolve the most striking conflict of our time.
In writing. - As an enthusiastic viewer of the great TV series Deadliest Catch, I admire the fishermen and their work very much.
But he is the last one to have the right to have the Constitution No 2 adopted by parliamentary means, but what you do not do is shine and make it look as if you have all the threads in your hand.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr President, for his excellent report and for his excellent report on the future of Europe.
I can only get these where there are enough taxes to acquire.
Let me give a concrete example, which may be a little chauvinistic, but let it be.
Business as usual .
This is unfortunate and cannot be explained solely by the fact that women are more strained in the family.
We emphasize the inequalities in Europe, we do not aim for harmonization.
In addition, the pedestrian protection rules are now to apply to SUVs, which can be used on land.
Today, I don't know if you can still buy a car without a radio, a CD player or anything like that.
This means that the measures we have decided today are neither meaningful nor necessary, and we have created a situation which is uncomfortable and which is in principle contrary to the Lisbon strategy.
It is better not to repeat what he said, because it was all right, and the opinion I should have given on the subject could be seen as an attempt to try to nuance his statements, for which there is no reason.
So Dutch people living in Belgium or Germany or even further afield in France, la belle France, or Spain are now eligible for treatment.
I found the fact that Mugabe was allowed to attend and defile at the World Food Summit particularly embarrassing, since he is actually the cause of some of the biggest global food insecurity problems in his country and on his continent.
The problem is this: we must not whisper to our Irish friends and at the same time we must know under what conditions and with what contract we will go to the European elections in 2009.
The whole thing is strikingly reminiscent of various genetic temptations in which farmers were thrown into ruin because the seeds could only be used once and they could not afford a new one.
It is already macabre and almost tasteless when Iranian government officials respond to criticism of this practice that they would wait for the execution until they reach adulthood.
We can only encourage them to do so under the terms of the Treaty, which has never had to be revised and whose useful provisions allow Europe to make economic and monetary progress on the basis of the two pillars of consolidation and enlargement.
I would therefore like to point out that Slovenia is by no means capricious when it points out that the documents submitted by Croatia are not reliable.
I do not know if this will entertain us enough before the elections, but it is at least a contribution we make to this important issue.
There is often a great deal of room for participation by foreign firms, which then abuse the environment and their own employees and exploit them to the point of destruction.
There is a moment, Mr President, in the famous melody of Smetanas Má Vlast, in which a cello and a fagot play in crescendo from gloomy depths to seemingly impossible high notes.
In Europe you pose as an understanding European and a great integrator, but at home you talk about how you will overcome them all, and you talk about the Treaty of Lisbon as if it were nothing more than a piece of paper.
If I imagine that as a Member of Parliament with 25 applicants for an assistant position I can already be sued for discrimination or a feeling of discrimination, then I can no longer go to work at all, but can only go around with the necessary evidence that I would then have to provide, just because there is a vis-a-vis feeling, even though I have not discriminated in any way.
All the speakers who spoke frantically against discrimination described the principle.
I look forward to the debate on the principles which we will address in time for the third programme on the basis of a Commission communication promised, so that we can then discuss all the questions of principle - whether we should split up the programmes for individual modes of transport and so on, all that we have listed in a common compromise resolution.
We decided to expand surveillance of seasonal flu, which usually ends on the 20th of the calendar week, to detect infections with this new flu virus.
In this way we could have prevented President Le Pen from being the oldest member of parliament without breaking the rules of procedure of this House and adopting a procedure that is not in any other parliament of a democratic country.
It's clear that we're chessmates right now.
They must not be overturned by the individual interests of the major economic powers on the Internet, because they are defending an outdated copyright system that is not Internet-enabled with teeth and claws.
As someone who hasn't eaten meat in 20 years, all I can say is -- and I see, Madam President, that my speaking time is over -- that in order to save the world and fight hunger, we should eat vegetarian, not meat.
You're probably familiar with the new Google book project, which has been in the news for months now, and with the book project, Google wants to scan books out of libraries and put them on the Internet, so that readers can quickly and easily access as many books as possible online.
35% of start-ups in the EU were founded by unemployed people.
If this directive is all-inclusive and offers full protection, it represents a great opportunity for the travel industry to tap into the European Union's over-60s market, which would be of great benefit to them.
Europe is a continent with a lot of coastlines and a lot of great ports, and these ports need to be connected to each other - mobility is the A and O. But we must not only think just-in-time, but we must of course also work in a cost-effective, environmentally friendly and environmentally friendly way.
The current rules stipulate that the aid must be used or otherwise returned within two years of receipt of the aid.
I like to send a photo via PDF or email.
This means that a wheelchair user must, as it were, beam himself from his car or from the people who carry him to the ship, where he has rights again, because nothing is regulated in the port itself.
This has resulted in compensatory costs of CAD 2 billion.
However, this does not mean that it acts arbitrarily, because there are rules, limits and criteria, a procedure with guarantees and, in any case, judicial review.
Women's working lives and careers are often hampered by the cliché that women are weaker and less stress-resistant and can become pregnant at any time, and as a result are more likely than men to take sick leave or other leave.
Today, the same households are thinking about replacing their LCD TVs with LEDs.
The OECD PISA study is an important contribution to this exchange.
To put it bluntly, in a way, the Chinese are doing us a favor by pushing our noses at the need to get rid of this current addiction.
Retailers should inform consumers and obtain their consent, including where an amount is blocked on their credit or EC card.
Although this has been prohibited in the European Union since 2005, there is clearly insufficient clarity about the country of origin as regards the made-in information.
(DA) Mr President, during the debate a great deal was said about Mr Hökmar's report on our radio frequency policy programme - something which, admittedly, does not sound very glamorous.
I regret that registration is not compulsory, but, as the saying goes, Chi va piano va sano.
For example, I strongly reject the view that some agencies do only PR work and work very superficially.
It is the only way to achieve greater mobility for young people, to learn about new cultures and societies, and possibly to thrive outside their home countries.
The leg on which budgetary policy rests is muscular and multifaceted, while the leg on which development policy, which should provide momentum and sustained momentum, appears dry and weak.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report and for his excellent report.
It was rightly said that the institutions were closed, elitist and inaccessible to the citizenry.
In addition, new terms are to be used for sparkling wine's flavours, namely brut naturel or no-dose.
In this respect, it is not only Mr Castille's note, but I too have been told sufficiently from various quarters at the time: if this whole thing is so dangerous, it is best not to talk about it at all!
We must also ensure that technologies such as ISDN provide equal access for all - in the UK ISDN access is very expensive.
Mr President, the return of Saddam Hussein's forces to Iraqi Kurdistan after years of destroying Kurdish villages and oppressing the Kurdish people is appalling, but it is monstrous that he has been asked to return by one of the largest Kurdish parties, the KDP.
This is the kind of education that exists in my constituency with the Small Business MBA course at Bolton Business School, which I started this summer.
I think he looks amazingly straight, and I am happy to note that the socialists are guided by the conservative style of dress.
There are a whole series of such incidents in Turkey, and the condemnation is always very dull.
We support the proposal that children's programmes should not be interrupted by advertising and teleshopping, and we support the proposal that prescription medicines should not be advertised or that pharmaceutical companies should not sponsor television programmes on their products.
Or do you think that it is not very elegant to disparage an ideology that has been unleashed by the same historical processes that, according to the utopias of scientific Marxism, should unify and collectivise the whole world?
I would rather be proud of a good result of the Netherlands than have to be proud of bad results; against this backdrop, I would like to wish the red government, above all, more unity and I wish Minister Van Mierlo, whose European attitude I do not doubt for a minute, much success and much strength.
The European People's Party also welcomes the fact that the terms leasing and sub-leasing are explained more explicitly and can therefore be further interrupted.
A successful solution in the case of the Davignon Group would also unblock the proposal for a corporate charter and significantly stimulate the internal market.
Armenia's economy has been growing for two consecutive years, and Azerbaijan has reversed its decline in 1996 and is expected to grow even faster when production of offshore oil fields in the Caspian Sea begins this year.
As the Commissioner knows, a stability pact misused could be extremely deflationary, slow growth and increase unemployment.
It lacks the English passport: in particular the implementation of the proper land use policy.
They don't just use CD-ROMs for games and they also make their discoveries in virtual reality.
Scientists who are competent not only in the field of veterinary medicine, but above all scientists in human medicine as well as scientists who are well known and renowned in cancer research.
Although there are doubts about his guilt, Governor Allen has refused to have a DNA test done.
At its first reading on 24 July after our joint consultation, the Council adopted its first solution, and today the Presidency of the Council has tried to sell its supposedly good product well, as a good PR manager does.
I think we should consider whether a brave new world is better than a timid old world.
It is clear that these attacks are largely pretentious.
For example, the 21-inch 5-cent coin is now the same size as the 20-cent coin, which is also extremely difficult for people with disabilities.
If you, Madam President, had called a colleague who so vulgarly and indirectly injured another colleague in a timely and pressing manner, the incident probably would not have happened.
It is quite obvious that the United States pursues a double strategy: it protects its own companies and interests through its legislation and demands that the rules of competition and the free market be respected only by others.
There's instructions on how to make bombs, how to lock doors even though you don't have keys, how to make illegal drugs, other terrorist activities, how to fake credit cards, how to hack into computers, etc., a wide range.
We're not planning the law, we're pushing the boundaries.
We do not lynch the murderers of Rwanda and Bosnia - we condemn them!
Basically, if we don't start rocking, the Americans will roll over.
Shouldn't a user fee be introduced for the purchase of compression instruments such as MP3 or MP4 by analogy with existing broadcasting legislation?
In the light of the recent discussions, in order to give a clearer and more detailed overview of the Commission's previous actions in the field of nuclear safety, we have recently sent the Energy Committee and several other committees of the European Parliament a so-called aid memorandum, in which we have re-examined the actions undertaken and further plans for the near future.
As King Sihanouk told me , my people are always very sick .
And all of this is undoubtedly due to the talent, efficiency and intelligence of Foreign Minister Fischer, who has impressed me deeply.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I find it hot and cold because at the end of the 1999 financial year - to quote a Spanish proverb - even the rapporteur will not know her own budget.
These are acquisition-oriented activities, and in this respect, I believe that the Commission could at least try to intervene regularly, particularly with regard to working conditions, because, as Mr Cohn-Bendit rightly pointed out, the athletes are doping only because competitions are necessary.
Tajikistan has been colonially plundered for centuries, brutally oppressed by Soviet communism for 80 years.
And so I was shown a page again today, and I'm deeply touched by what I see and feel, and it's clearly this beautiful inspiration that I found in many of the comments and interactions, and some people post blogs and videos and stuff.
The world of tomorrow will be completely integrated.
In order to start from home, it would have to be very quiet.
It's time to prepare for it and contribute to it and let it happen.
But I was shocked that America, a country with such a devastated history of civil rights, could repeat its mistakes so unabashedly.
In fact, we know how to test that statement.
If you know anything about anatomy, you'd better not cut it, just like everything else on the way up, and then -- I had my hands still up -- he pulled the blade out, aimed it at my neck, and he pushed it down my neck to the fist.
It's a politically correct zoo, but it's a bad zoo.
Most people who like nonsense, even abstract art, are more liberal than conservative in that direction.
Pink and blue, you know.
And when it comes out, at the same time, a number of Wiki pages under the WISER label will go online.
WISER aims to document, link and reinforce what Paul calls the largest and fastest-growing movement in human history, the collective immune response of humanity to today's threats.
The picture reminded me of a cave painting and reflected how primitive we still are in many ways.
It's enormously important to me because our children are growing up in the space between us.
Remember, I said that if our TEDxTokyo society represented the world's population, 24 of us would have a serious mental disorder.
These feelings result from the stigmatization of mental illness, and this stigma is the only and biggest obstacle to improving the lives of millions of people around the world.
I'm just trying to be fit.
And you can adapt very precisely.
This month in your hands I put you over time the ability to control increase the short time it is in your hands
Today I'm going to tell you how we got from Earth to Mars and why it's so cool.
That's not because they did it and tried and said Igitt! but because you can simulate taste without leaving your chair and say Igitt without doing it.
I've come across other kind of strange relationships between poles that can be interpreted differently, but... these things amuse me.
At least 30 other parts that selectively create meaning create more meaning through Aha experiences.
It's very old, evolutionary.
Well, again, the schematic structure is that the eye visually asks what we're looking at.
And third, make them permanent.
It's not because it's trivial.
This does not make the expression singular.
When they're surrounded by each other, they notice that too, and they can get a little nervous.
There are effects that you can change live, like hall and filters.
I'm going to emphasize it orange 1 times 2 - we have to be careful here 1 times 2 is 2
He's Seung Jos Rivale, so we need to check him out thoroughly and plan something out.
Your partner will be chosen fairly...
We fund cancer foundations in 13 countries.
Because this idea that health is intrinsically particular and individual and medical is largely a mistake.
And we give them a few things to do that, and help them, like pet stuff, as long as they blog and email.
Healthy subpopulations of birds, generally a greater species diversity.
And then you can text the fish.
Logic is increasingly being used at the interface between man and machine, especially in logic-capable computer systems where users can view and edit logical sentences.
As a consultant for your start-up, I would give you the following advice in less than 10 minutes.
With your URL, we can do a Googlebot-like crawling to see exactly if we've been redirected correctly and what content we're downloading.
And for a while, this is what I call the wise-less state, or absolute awareness, it doesn't seem to be attractive because it doesn't have a proper name.
This allows me to position this quad so that it can film the rest of the demonstration with the camera mounted from above.
It happens all the time, but we block it so that we can't see, can't consciously live by grace.
I think we're going to start rationalizing and reusing things and not just opening up new sources.
We've got roofers, we've got people who do it professionally.
Oh yeah, the smoking's radioactive, really, really hot stuff.
Generations two and three are still in operation, generation 3.5 is what's right now, and the fourth generation has higher safety standards, easier to build and cheaper to build better fuel utilization, drastically cheaper energy, even safer reactors.
There's a new reality TV show, and it's called the blue one -- I'm supposed to write it in blue lettering -- but it's called the blue forehead.
We're more confident and experimenting more, which, by the way, requires failure.
I don't know if you want to interview the other party, like the region.
It would be absurd if we were to engage again in operations like those in Iraq and Afghanistan and suddenly find ourselves in a situation where we were to introduce something other than a democratic system.
These circular technologies have greatly contributed to the fact that we have produced and sold 71 million square meters of climate-neutral carpets since 2004, which means that this carpet is a net contributor to global climate damage, both in production and throughout the entire supply chain, from mining to recycling at the end of its product life.
It's like parachuting or being high.
So just like a tower jumper on the jumping board who jumps down to get some momentum and then does this pirouette, this two-and-a-half-fold salt, and then elegantly catches himself again, this robot basically does the same thing.
Everything that was stressful for the patient before the accident, he forgot.
The best tactic for the SU-122-54 is to flank enemy fighter tanks, suddenly show up behind heavy tanks, and attack medium tanks frontally.
But we found that it's crucial to model the behavior of these little guys so that they don't look so robotic anymore, but rather vaguely resemble a human's head.
Michael Biehn is Sergeant Rex Power Colt in the most exciting, action-packed cyber adventure of the year... island and children are available separately.
We could do that again. Here we zoom in on this region.
To ruin me.
Doctors are seriously arguing with a twisted miracle healer whose silly theses a tolerance that's almost criminal.
Because on the psychological level, on the brain level, they influence our actions and maneuver us into situations where we wouldn't otherwise be moving forward.
As soon as the patient is left alone in a hospital bed where hardly anyone cares for him, the so-called refugee conflict, also called the hospital conflict, becomes active, more water is stored, and the swelling increases rapidly.
However, to understand this, the old concepts should be left out, since they are based on an outdated system of reference and are thus missing.
These accompanying conditions can be anything that the organism can perceive, such as smells, music, a color, certain thoughts that you had in parallel, a person, objects, sounds, temperatures, a single word, etc.
Furthermore, it is claimed that Dr. Hamer would view cancer as part of a natural healing process, which is, of course, quite contrary to the actual statement of the third law of biological nature.
On our site, many of the typical beginner questions are answered in the FAQ and elsewhere.
Do you want to date me or do you want to live with me?
But you can get on a German ICE train and almost get to Albania.
Eva is sloppy and Karin is smart.
You're cuddling with your partner under the covers.
Rüdiger Gamm, who described himself as a hopeless student, dropped out of basic mathematics and began training his skills and became famous as a human computer.
In fact, we use these six design principles, and the most important of these is probably the second: we design with, not for -- so when we do humanitarian design, it's no longer about designing for customers; it's about designing with people and getting solutions that fit from within.
I'm thinking, this is a kid I think I'd develop a TV show for.
Anyway, I have to go now because your girlfriend just decided that she looks pretty good in old clothes, and I have to change that quickly before she stops drinking the Ambien/Prozac cocktail I gave her and then stops continuously shopping to fill the void created by the self-hatred I created.
And I loved that feeling, and I started skating when I was about 10 years old, in 1977.
Esther went through her table-set process this morning, and she wrote only a few things on her side of the table mat. Everything else she wrote on the side of the universe, she loves to delegate it and leave it to the universe.
Potatoes that are not cosmetically perfect are fed to the pigs.
Your classmates will motivate you and support you in mastering the material, and you will be able to help them in return.
What's left of the previous system is the UN Security Council as a trial court at the beginning.
Guys with loose thumbs over here;
What the CIA is supposed to be, it gets there: analytical and focused on open source.
In addition, refrigerated food was stored behind closed doors with LED lighting.
That means we can manipulate the molecules in the fuel chain exactly and optimize them during the production process.
They characterize the sparse dependence that exists in many readable problems, such as in robotics and computer-aided vision, etc.
- We'll relax and have fun.
Your sons - if they had to farm like you did - do you think they would?
The first two check the situation Chevchenko stays back!
Instead of using violence, Veronica becomes totally creative and clever with the
This evening, NATO launched air strikes against military targets in Yugoslavia.
The OSCE, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, should have known about this, because its observers had reported painfully on the events in Kosovo.
And hack into a top-secret government computer system and copy files?
TOR was constructed by the Navy to allow their informants to log in and give them classified information from a country they're not allowed to be in.
Does it bother you that the NSA monitors everything you do online?
They're kidnapping people.
Let's imagine running a factory where they have these workers, some of whom just manufacture crap, and the management gets to say, "Hey, they're only allowed to come down here once a year, but they have to let us know, because maybe we can trick them and try to do a good job for the little moment".
UNICEF reports that in 2011, 6.9 million children under the age of five died from preventable and poverty-related diseases.
And the organization brings together people from different generations, like Holly Morgan, an undergraduate student who's committed to donating 10 percent of her small income, and right here is Ada Wan, who worked directly for the poor, but now went to Yale to get an MBA so she can give more.
Then just type in pharmacy Chicago or the postal code of Chicago.
This is the power switch for the DVD player.
I'm gonna park the car on the hill over there and keep an eye on this house with the council said this monkey should actually be stuck I can see the house and most of the toddler will be upside down
The boss has difficulty hearing, so the worker has to intensify very close to him.
Take it easy on my parents!
On March 3, 2015, America was bankrupt.
Well, we're taking a lot of risks.
Also at this event, dozens of people tweet and thousands follow their tweets because they want to know what it's like to be here and what's happening here.
And here's the basic idea that empathy leads to good deeds for people who will get their revenge.
In addition to their struggle for survival, the tributes must perform and act to gain sympathy and gifts from their sponsors.
But the goal is to go much further and, very broadly, to democratize all these kinds of knowledge and try to create a reliable
Here, thousands of users are making music available that everyone can download to their computer.
If we're going to continue to develop organizations today, one of the most important things we should look at is how we can upgrade the operating system of organizations to something that works through and with tension processing, where every tension, perceived by anyone, anywhere in the organization, has its place, where it's processed quickly, efficiently and reliably and brings about meaningful change.
If we can establish these concrete, clear, disciplined structures and systems within a more comprehensive, more natural organizational structure, we will give our organization the capacity to evolve: new opportunities and opportunities that most organizations today don't really have.
You've been on strike for days.
At a time of unprecedented population growth and increasing food demand, this could prove disastrous.
They stalk happy couples and study every step and every peculiarity.
We can flirt with Dr. Akagi spat; right now we have important work to do.
But in the middle of it, there's a kind of fixed point.
Banning MP3 players.
He would tattoo little black dots on the right side of my face and make my appearance very symmetrical.
There was one person in this group who was supposed to have a very high performance, but who actually cut miserably.
Led by Alan Horsager of USC and what the startup Eos Neuroscience wants to commercialize, funded by the NIH.
They think the game is unfair.
And I'd like to close with suggestions that show how you can transfer some of these principles into the real world.
See how you walk like a normal person, right, not like a stroller daughters, one of the most difficult when physically ill mother in the hospital honored God to take care of her eyebrows, pulled her makeup
And it starts growing into other tissues, infiltrating them, then it's invasive.
But I was completely surprised at how much of it there was and how spectacular it was.
And you can see how tight our budget was, we poured the 16 LEDs into epoxy, and in the mold you can still see the word ziploc.
Then two parts of a movie that goes back to a TV show that was inspired by a toy brand.
It's not enough to just hire people, you have to hire more people to manage those people and to achieve the goals of the institution and so on.
Meetup is a service that helps users search for people with similar interests and inclinations in their neighborhood and even meet offline in the real world, in a cafe, bar, or anywhere else.
I want to show you a few approaches to how you can make it so that we can see that the science and technology you're dealing with is sexy and exciting.
First of all, if you want to surf the Internet and scroll down, keep your fingers off the mouse.
But what about the pop-up menu for entering the state?
They want modern , not efficient .
Jamming with a buddy is always a fun thing, but I'm convinced you're better off doing this exercise alone, so you don't have to be afraid to make mistakes, and you can focus better and try it out on your own.
He was very popular and probably would have, if he had wanted to,
We've made the assumption that if you're a patient in this hospital and you have an elevated BMI, the four walls of the medical practice probably don't give you everything you need to be healthy.
I wanted to be empathetic, which means I wanted to feel what they were saying and be a means to their self-disclosure.
People lists are now better organized and easier to scroll through. Of course, you can still tweet - from now on, no matter where you are on the page.
So this is the new Twitter.com that we're going to be introducing to everyone over the next few weeks.
I told you not to log out.
Make a big change don't you realize how refined
But the problem with relying on rules and incentives is that they demoralize professional activity. And they demoralize professional activity in two ways.
This movie isn't tough enough, so I wanted to make it a little harder.
It is advisable not to just share ads or sales-oriented content that could bomb other users' feeds.
And it controls the step size when updating the theta J parameter. And the second term here is the derived term.
So this may seem a bit bizarre to you now, and
And that's why we got the spicy stuffed vegetables.
But when the animals become fat and weak, the bones in their tails are broken to get them back on their feet by clicking the tail repeatedly in several places.
What moves an animal to do something unnatural, even dangerous, such as jumping through flames, balancing on one foot, or plunging into the water from a shaky platform?
At the same time, some tanks should try to flank one of the three tanks and destroy it from the sides as quickly as possible.
It's a place where every new voyage of research discovers new creatures that are so strange and strange that our ancestors would have called them monsters.
I heard you freaking out in the kitchen.
We made them look pretty serious on purpose.
The challenge was figuring out how to break something mysterious -- human attraction -- into mouth-to-mouth pieces for a computer.
When I first started, people didn't know what HTML was, what the World Wide Web was, and then suddenly the power of the Internet, which had been around for years, was accessible to everyone, and that was very simple: point and click, the universal language.
So just to be clear, the $25 billion is gross, right?
For example, there's a doctor in Africa who found out that after taking an antiretroviral medication during pregnancy, the baby will not be infected with HIV after birth.
I think business leaders can bring in their entrepreneurial know-how and help governments approach things a little differently.
I just couldn't believe how poetic all of this is, these souls all sending each other e-mail from their lonely islands.
First, the probabilities are complementary.
If the pen is stationary when I exercise the 5 newtons, it means that there must be another equal and opposite force with positive 5 newtons, right?
If you're as severely depressed as these patients, these areas are affected, you have no motivation, no drive.
And that allows me to look discreetly at the clock here without angling my arm.
(Applause) To all the mothers who are here today, they couldn't have wished for a better Mother's Day gift than to see all these people graduate.
And the reason why Michelle had the power to juggle everything and put up with me, and finally the audience's point of view, was because she, too, came from a family that didn't give up -- because she saw her father get up and begged to go to work every day, even though he didn't finish college, even though he had paralyzing multiple sclerosis.
But now we're faced with one of those rare moments where we have to decide whether to just frantically step forward to go back to where we were a year or two ago, and go back to a very limited idea of the meaning and purpose of business -- or whether this is the moment to take the leap forward, start anew, and do some of the things we should have done anyway.
Nelson, stop that.
I can even now, I can even now skate -- in flip flops, every trick, standing next to me comfortably with my ten fingers, kicking ten bite-sized bags, no problem, because I can tap ten fingers now.
With Hootsuite's volume pre-planning feature, you can post up to 350 posts in a timely manner, allowing you to plan your publishing activities ahead in a targeted and rational way and save more time to reach your followers.
They're not alerting their surroundings.
If you've created an accessible document, you can not only export it to PDF, but you can also create a digital audiobook directly using the odt2Daisy plugin developed by AEGIS, or you can create a blind script from your document using the odt2Braille plugin.
They're a little revolutionary in what they do.
And we don't have any knowledge of the quality of these devices, but we look at one of the combined TV and DVD players and say, "Uff.
Why, on average, do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on an EC card or credit card than on cash?
Suppose it's an HIV test -- for the virus that causes AIDS -- and suppose the test says the person is infected.
This can be a Wi-Fi, this can be the Internet, this can be a messenger that carries our message, any channel where we can't trust it to be safe.
The doctors among you, if there are any, will recognize the first two, but there won't be anyone in this room who understands all four words.
Exactly the same 12-year-old little boy-boy-girl, only I don't wear a sports bra.
Child carriages with their various conversion options should actually accompany the children for the first three years of life by allowing them to ergonomically adapt to the growing body, but the test quickly turned out - too narrow seats to sit for too short a time and too long often un adjustable foot supports for many children, the cars are either too large or too small and often uncomfortable.
The IQ test is the mental processing -- how quickly you can absorb information; how you store and retrieve it -- that's essential to success in life these days.
I screwed the ISO sensitivity up pretty high because it's dark on stage.
- That sounds grotesque.
I see this kind of thing, and I'm scared of blogs - to put it bluntly - my pants are full because it's not good.
And -- and I printed out her words -- or I sent a PDF of her blog to her family, and then she shared her words at her funeral, and even in her obituary, she mentioned her blog because it had been such a big part of her life.
In conclusion, we heard a few days ago about the value of making individual heroism so commonplace that it becomes banal or routine.
And if you can't think of words or things to deal with, think about what I would say, think about what your therapist or your best friend would say if they heard someone talking to you like your eating disorder does.
When a man meets her, they shoot at you, look you in the eye, walk into your private room and massage your backside.
What is vital in one is not right in the other.
Maybe before the SWAT team shows up, you should accept the invitation to my SUV.
Based on that, why do you say evolution is mysterious?
You know, they always divide, bacteria multiply by splitting, cloning -- genetically identical, that's how it happens.
You can flip between the heights and display different models and manufacturers.
And you can scroll around and see some of the different airports and different patterns that exist.
How flippant - how crazy you want to live - is determined by your value system and your way of life.
An identity was defined primarily by religion.
And the great thing about it is that we can calibrate each individual so that it's aligned with its location, that it's aligned with the angle of incidence of the sun and how it bends.
If you could make it more comfortable, and you can do it in eight or ten minutes, you can't find your vehicle, drive it away, or move it, park it, or drive it anywhere else; you can't get a taxi or take the subway.
Every time ELISA is positive, it doesn't mean the patient is HIV positive.
Although Lindsey was HIV-negative in Romania, Dr. McCew called me and said there were problems with the tests they had done and we should come and see them right away.
The monkeys pop and then they make more monkeys
When I met Harriet in person at the TED conference the following year, she had already ordered our own happy haplotype T-shirts online.
With Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, they're beaming images into their eyes.
The CPU was able to perform the four basic arithmetic functions -- adding, multiplying, subtracting, dividing -- a pretty good piece of metal, but it was also able to do something that a computer, unlike a computer, could do: it could look at its own internal memory and make a decision.
Something as complicated as a cloud, so unstable, so variable, should it actually be subject to a simple rule?
When I play one of my own titles and see people freaking out... it's so fulfilling.
He's, according to Scientologist Brian, taking up lost time -- which I know sounds ominous, but it doesn't have to be ominous.
You know, in my defense, back then, there was no Google; you couldn't just Google in '91.
With this trick, your opponent cannot accurately target your weak points and shoot into the gaps in your vertical armor.
It might have been confusing first of all, because we're dealing with a number that's imaginary, and I'm teaching a cyclical property.
People who don't want to rule everywhere.
Is it totalitarian to demand reading, writing and mathematics?
Build me a computer that can't run every program, but just a program that does a specific job like streaming audio, networking routes, or playing Xbox games, and make sure it can't run programs that I haven't authorized that could undermine our profits.
The devices are mobile, which means that if you find something interesting, the staff can scan the product and then show it on one of the screens.
Select the app you want to install from the app directory and click Install. The plug-in will then be automatically added to the dashboard.
After clicking Create Note, you can select the title, the notebook to be attached to, and add more tags or comments to the pop-up window.
Get out of here before it gets sentimental.
On the back of the last edition was a picture of a morning country road, the way you could step on it when you're so adventurous.
Kicking harder does not solve the problem because the average swimmer uses only about 3% of his energy for forward movement.
The song's still full.
I was undercover in prison.
We don't want a women's quota - strong women rebelling against dictatorship and equality
And this code, if you have enough of it back to back, maybe we have a few hundred or a few thousand of them encoding proteins or things that control other proteins, but maybe there's a change in one of them.
Do you realize that we can benefit from this and require the mechanisms of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetics?
An intransitive verb, like dinar, for example, can't draw a direct object.
And what do you reserve them for when you're researching something specific?
I hope I was able to convince you that there are a lot of great, interesting things to learn about how nature makes fabrics -- and how to take it to the next level, to see if you can force the way natural fabrics are made, or use them to make things that nature hasn't even dreamed of making.
No, it's a little too vulgar for me.
And an example of this would be: I'm an artist who tours incredibly much, I'm on this planet non-stop.
And part of that is getting into an oil pipeline from Canada, using the oil and coal we have here, offshore drilling in Alaska, offshore drilling in Virginia where people want it.
But they knew that the length of that journey alone would strain their food and water supplies.
So the people who say that rock 'n' roll would lead to a decline in moral values were right a little bit.
However, the human eye is exceptionally adaptable to all these different lighting conditions, which together create an environment that never seems dull or dull, thus helping us to have a better quality of life.
From the mighty eBay, the grandfather of the stock market, to ride-hailing companies like GoGet, where you pay a monthly fee to rent cars hourly, to social lending platforms like Zopa, which takes everyone in this audience who has $100 to lend and connects them to a borrower anywhere in the world, we share and work together again in ways that I think are more hip than hippie.
So you need a GPS device to maybe locate an object, and then you can arrange everything relative to that if you --
People don't stop moving because they're prey.
It looks like a pin-up calendar.
Push-ups, lifting weights, sit-ups and stuff.
And we definitely believe in learning-by-doing and everything from the logo that was founded in 1968 to modern stuff like Scratch, if you've ever heard of it, is a very, very basic part of it.
And people can subscribe to RSS feeds -- they can get e-mail notifications of changes.
You fools! (People who can't grill properly)
The need for an association, even if only temporary, must be clear to all involved and must be accompanied by an understanding of the urgency that drives people to try to reach others in their environment and spread the idea.
I could be hypnotized by it.
In a stationary power plant, it's much easier to take something that weighs a lot more and is very voluminous, and you can take away the waste heat to run a steam turbine and get a secondary energy source.
And I'm someone who lives for his home theater, a home theater where I swallow DVDs, video on demand and a lot of television.
Gay men are often portrayed as extravagant and fashion obsessed.
With my last piece, I want to show you how much fun classical music can make, and how it can rock.
In most cases, those who out themselves help to destroy the myth that something is wrong with atheists.
Homosexuality begins, on the one hand, because their conclusions within the Church have a much longer history than modern interpretations, and on the other, because I believe that many people who profess this position feel that those who advocate a reinterpretation have not yet taken theological evidence that is as well established in Scripture as the traditional ones; in this case,
The cases I've documented range from family feuds in Brazil to victims of genocide in Bosnia and the first woman to hijack a plane to the living dead in India.
The first part, the first problem, is relatively simple -- it's not easy at all -- but neuroscience has gradually approached that.
Forty-eight governors competed, which convinced 48 state legislatures to prepare students for university by default.
That was uncool and it hurt because they were my best friends and they knew my parents and I knew theirs, and it was just weird.
Leadership must be competent, determined and visionary in its commitment to peace.
They Skype with their families a few times a week.
I can plug in a USB stick, I can plug in a hard drive, I can plug in a DVB-T stick or a UMTS stick, and I can also use this thing.
I can now, for example, open my home directory here too, I can look at the SD card here, what's on it, so this is really like a very normal PC.
We realize that they're going to be much more virulent, and what we're seeing today is this networking of societies, of systems, brought together by technology, and accelerated by just-in-time management systems.
However, individuals of our species are forced to work even though they can be automated, or in which obedience is demanded in exchange for food, which leads to psychotic behavior in humans or maintains or even provokes such situations.
I know I say sims, and many of you are thinking about sending your own nude images, many of you are thinking about these offensive images -- which I hope you don't send your children to other people -- or trying to translate shortcuts.
That meant we'd share responsibility fifty-fifty.
Self-cooked food couldn't keep up, because the high fat content, the strong spices in products like McNuggets or Hot Pockets -- we all have our personal favorites -- made homemade food taste dull.
Now, if I have the model positioned here and I shoot from there, then I'm photographing the black reflector in the background.
And that's the kind of influence that can ultimately unlock the situation.
A similar situation occurs when a PR agency outsources customer community support to an external service provider.
And even though we don't know exactly how technology shapes our brains yet, we do know that every time we log in, follow another person, email them, or leave them, that this affects us, so we should be mindful of what we put into our brains, always, and sometimes that means knowing when to end the connection.
So I decided to become vegan.
Click here for a PDF of the procedure
In contrast, those cultures -- literally the rest of the world -- that were in a much weaker position than the West, were therefore forced to understand the West because of the presence of the West in those societies.
We've also tried to bring computers everywhere in the world so that groups can communicate much more efficiently and launch much more effective campaigns, but now we have the wonderful opportunities that mobile phones with built-in cameras offer us because they're affordable and ubiquitous and spreading rapidly around the world, which is very exciting for us.
(Laughter) And that assumes they already have DSL in their house.
Have you also noticed that more women than men are vegetarian or vegan?
- so we have to scroll up a little -
That's the big thing you're working on, and trying to make it somehow groovy and that it resonates, that would be a good idea.
If all of these are binaries that are assumed throughout the lesson, they can assume 2 to 16 different values, which is a whole lot.
And when they have more money, they cement their streets and they build a sewer and good water pumps and stuff like that.
♪ Here live the asses ♪ ♪ Who kill you for a shower ♪
The jets are shining in the vertical.
Because this is something that when I first got into European history, I felt very confused.
What we're seeing here is just a piece of paper with a little copper tape on it, connected to an MP3 player and a magnet.
Failure step allows Fiora to sprint to a chosen opponent and cause damage on arrival.
I am very concerned about how all our cultures demonize each other by letting those who want to divide and divide speak.
Are you careful and mundane like 007?
I hear a sound in: dear love, adieu - [Nurse calls inside.]
We respect and celebrate each other as man and woman, as a community and as part of this planet, and we must continue to do so.
I've noticed that so many people nowadays consciously take measures to sit in a corner of the room for 30 minutes every morning without any equipment in place and gather, or go jogging every night, or leave their cell phone at home when they're meeting for a longer conversation with a friend.
Greenpeace must work with the WWF.
He began to think about life and realized that wherever he looked, everywhere he seemed to be chessed.
I'm satisfied with how we've managed to bring this deep and dynamic PC game to the mobile platform.
And if you look at job advertisements today, on the one hand, we have something like, "Should I be negotiable, team capable, etc., able to do all these things?"
We collected 130 different sources of NGO reports on newspaper and television news.
And now they've even started using these devices -- speaking of cool technology -- three little devices, little GIS trackers like this one, that they put in their vaccine carriers.
Most of the time I make posters and post them on Facebook; my friends either like them or don't like them. Most of the time they don't like them, they don't share, they don't do anything. And a new day begins.
By the way, I'm just realizing that the fear of embarrassing me drives me just like any other ambition.
My picture appears on the CD cover -- (Laughter)
They mix a substance to bring the professor to consciousness:
I found this today at the farmer's market, and if you want to take someone home and purge them later, you're welcome to do so.
The game coming out this month is a new MMORPG with realistic visual aspects.
And these trendy young things from the Sorbonne said,
So you could pop it up and use the much better Mac, but somehow it's the same old crap we've had for 30 years.
And because plastic is made of oil, I called BP and spent a good half an hour convincing BP's PR department that it would be fantastic for them to fly me to a drilling island and give me a can of oil.
FEPC, is a sponsor of CS2 TV program News No Shinsou / News Depths, had pressure on Mr. Takashi Uesugi, who just wanted to paint a true picture of the nuclear crisis, let the program.
They counter each other in a wonderful way.
But overall movie revenue in theaters, home theaters, and pay-per-view has gone up.
Google+ login is the secure way to connect to our site.
It's like filling up your car in 1998 and then waiting until 2011: now you can go back and forth to Jupiter twice.
And when we both say yes, voilà, welcome to the chromosomal LinkedIn.
Because we knew that if the whole open source and especially the Linux story were to be credible, we would have to contract with independent software companies to port applications to these platforms, and I was even worried.
You've got a lot of people, and they're pretty hardcore and they felt attacked by it. You know, they work pretty hard and they don't really get the fair share that they'd actually deserve.
I learned that when you went to Fell School and all the rich little gold boys wanted to sponsor a child, that was me, but they kicked me out when I taught the gold boy how to steal the stains from a Lee jeans, and they brought her to VIM.
The future doesn't have to belong to those who bully women - it has to be shaped by the girls who go to school, and who stand for a world where our daughters can only live their dreams like our sons.
We didn't get to the North Pole and we didn't have the money to pay anyone for public relations work, so no one had heard of this expedition.
At the top of the international ranking, according to the latest PISA survey, is the Shanghai district of China.
In Libya, we should have adhered to the UN resolution.
The main difference between a resource-based economy and a money system is that a resource-based economy deals with people and their well-being, while the money system has been distorted so that people's concerns are secondary if they play a role at all.
I read that the CPU is constantly moving data back and forth between memory, RAM and the ALU, the arithmetic-logic unit.
So for over 200 years, Ayahuasca has been involved in these contexts in a complex and sometimes violent overlap between the indigenous Amazonian people and European colonial movements.
However, the lines between healing and wisdom are often blurred given that gaining knowledge through ayahuasca revelations is regularly associated with some sort of spiritual health.
That means visual intelligence software would have to scan it for interesting things.
No one has ever proven -- and this will shock you -- that chemotherapy, in most cases, actually touches a cancer cell.
One billion people are obese or overweight, and one billion people are starving.
She had been asked by a client to visit her home because she wanted to tell her mother and siblings about her HIV infection and was afraid to do it alone.
They tried an innovative process called agile development, which was just spreading from Japan to Silicon Valley startups.
The use of embedded devices, embedded technology in the broadest sense of the word, in our environment, not just in our home, but moving to cities, streets, buildings, etc., is a means of transmitting and communicating data to the network and then creating a kind of mesh-like network.
It was viewed as an elite, an exclusive religion reserved for the white population.
It was not, however, that distressing poor old Corky, because he was not bigoted and had no objections to the man's continued life.
There are infinitely many colors, but since we only have three types of cones, you can trick the brain into seeing all the colors by combining only three colors correctly: red, green, and blue.
For example, Sally says, "I need someone to chill out", and Jake says, "Haha".
And all the kids are kicking
Legendary -- like Ted Williams legendary -- the last Major League Baseball player to hit over 400 home runs in a regular season.
I've worked with companies like Microsoft, SAP, or Google, analyzed their bugs, looked for what went wrong, and I noticed that there's almost no tutorial on debugging and how to debug programs.
Let's look at the current, concluding example of homosexuality, which is striking in the political debate.
So the image is real and smaller than the actual object if the object is further out than the center of curvature.
And when the copies of their questionnaire came back, exactly one thing came out with statistical clarity that most scientists can only dream of.
By simply looking at something someone has done, probing it and saying,
And worst of all, they'll lynch you and nail you to the cross.
Because the thing is, we're so chauvinistic about biology, when you remove carbon, there are other things that can happen.
This may be one of the reasons why some people quickly classify Mattie as a feminist character, as well as other female pop culture figures who are described as strong and tough.
But now let's talk about PISA, the OECD's global study for assessing knowledge and skills.
Last year, I was invited to an NBA All-Star game.
And if you imagine what Google Labs is doing experimentally with Google Docs, Google Spreadsheets, etc. all of these things are going to be web-based.
The first fax -- the person who bought the first fax machine was an idiot because there was no one to fax to.
For example, someone wrote to me saying Hey Ze, if you ever come to Boulder, you should drop by with us, and I said, why wait?
I think I just want to recap and say, this is something very common.
What I'm wondering is, what will society be like when kids are so phenomenally good at messaging these days, spending a hell of a lot of time on screen, but never bowling together?
We need to look at how we can sustainably feed, heal, educate, transport and correspond with seven billion people.
I could zip through your servers and firewalls like a virus until the World Wide Web was as wise, wild, and organized as I think a modern miracle/oracle can be, but, oh-wow, would you want to bet on how jeck and un-PC goes on your Mac or PC?
Why are social networks so booming despite censorship?
With the energy of everyone present, I decided to push on and came up to 17 minutes and 4 seconds.
It's a good movie in terms of the fact that I want to see him for sure, right, but don't expect Emmerich to cast Brad Pitt in his next film as he digs latrines in Tanzania or anything like that.
What are the problems we are trying to address?
If we could dim the light...
So we randomise, do a long-term
She does this by opening in Bussum what we would call a bed-and-breakfast today, where many artists will remain who will later become part of their connections.
It just seems very stress-free and cheerful.
I have to put it down so I can park.
They acquire an intellectual property card and then process it for their profit.
Looking back, everything looks macabre and dark and scary, as if this could have been the beginning of something evil.
Yeah, like in those movies where they take people's sperm samples and fry their testicles.
This means that every country must achieve drastic reductions in fossil fuel consumption through a UN mandate.
Psychopaths bully mainly for two reasons:
MMORPGs, on the other hand, live off the amount of player time they consume.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the Department of Clinical and Scientific Affairs of the Canadian Diabetes Association, pointed out that research is still in its infancy.
Like some other experts, he was skeptical of the possibility of curing diabetes, pointing out that the findings were irrelevant to people already suffering from type 1 diabetes.
Rings CEO Jamie Siminoff once said he founded the company after he couldn't hear his doorbell ringing from his garage workshop.
Siminoff said sales had risen sharply after his appearance in a 2013 episode of Shark Tank, despite the show's jury rejecting funding for his start-up.
While an experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola mortality, there are no medicines that have been proven to be unambiguously suitable for treating existing infections.
An antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially turned out to be promising, but formal studies showed that when it came to preventing deaths, it brought less benefits than expected.
USA Gymnastics is supporting an independent investigation that could reveal how abuse to the extent so bravely described by Larry Nassar's survivors could remain undetected for as long as necessary and appropriate changes are welcomed.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal - to make running and other sports as safe as possible for athletes so that they can follow their dreams in a safe, positive and self-determined environment.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as a consultant for John F. Kennedy and later for the government around Lyndon B. Johnson.
As a national security adviser, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of world affairs such as the Camp David Accords of 1978, the normalization of U.S.-China relations in the late 1970s, the Iranian Revolution that led to the 1979 Iran hostage crisis, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best independent song. Lionsgate Studio received 26 nominations  more than any other film studio.
Turkey would carry out surveillance of captured ISIS fighters, whose return, the statement said, was rejected by European countries.
This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory that is already widespread, but it also provides details that fossils generally cannot provide, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
The find also provides insights into the evolution of feathers in birds.
According to the governor's office, 19 of those injured are police officers.
Police said they suspected a militant supporter of Daesh (ISIL) behind the attack.
They found that the sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: It was found that the activity of all the stars in the system is driven by their luminosity, rotation, and nothing else.
In order to determine the Rossby number of a star associated with the plasma stream, the luminosity and rotation are taken together.
"When asked for a comment, Miller said, ""Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I prepared myself and therefore could not properly hear what he said"."
We will endeavour to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 from 2005 levels, Hu said.
He did not give a number for the cuts but said they were based on China's economic performance.
He added, however, that they should not be asked to undertake commitments that go beyond their level of development, their responsibilities and their capabilities.
The study group on Iraq presented its report today at 12:00 GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action in Iraq at this time will stop sectarian warfare, rising violence or a slide into chaos.
The report opens with a call for an open discourse and for consensus in the United States on a strategy for the Middle East.
The report is extremely critical of almost every aspect of the executive's current policy on Iraq and calls for an immediate change of direction.
The first of the 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile interventions and restore diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
"Triggering the debate was a controversy over emergency relief and reconstruction spending after Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscal conservatives have humorously called the Bush's New Orleans deal".
The Liberals' criticism of the reconstruction process has focused on the fact that orders for the reconstruction have been awarded to alleged insiders in Washington.
Several large television screens were set up in various places in Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
Similar facilities have been installed in many other cities in Italy and the rest of the world, especially in Poland, which have been seen by many people.
Historians have criticized the FBI's past policy of focusing its resources on easy-to-solve cases, particularly car theft, in an attempt to increase the agency's success rate.
However, after losing the captain's goal, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 runs, ending the innings.
"Following a 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO on Tuesday, Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's Clean Air Act to an all-party committee for consideration before the second hearing".
Layton had called for changes to the Conservative Environment Act during the meeting with the Prime Minister, calling for a thorough and complete revision of the Conservative Party Environment Act.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami was triggered, with clear tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge an important step towards achieving verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula".
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says Jerry does not pose a threat to the landing at this time.
The irritations in the Community led to ongoing efforts to draft a policy on sexual content for the website, which hosts millions of openly licensed media.
Just as the moon attracts the earth and causes the tides, the Milky Way exerts its gravitational pull on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as normal matter.
This theory says that most of the dark matter is in a kind of halo around a galaxy and consists of many small particles.
The authorities speculate that this suggests that containers of uranium fuel may have been ripped at the site and may have leaked.
Extremely drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
"In an interview, he said that the new variant was 'extremely worrying and alarming' given the very high mortality rate".
Some patients may have contracted the disease at the hospital, says Dr. Moll, and at least two were hospital employees.
Within a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
Nevertheless, the proportion of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis is apparently still low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people infected in South Africa at any given time.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
They are still trying to figure out the extent of the collision and how it will affect the earth.
The results of the plotting analysis will be published on a public website.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the floor by the side of the road in a T-shirt and underwear, apparently under heavy medication.
The government has also pledged several million bottles of anti-inflammatory vaccine that will help arm health departments for next year.
The quality and precision of his work is so highly regarded that his name is one of the very few widely known names in the field of philately.
He was also involved in the stitching of banknotes for many countries, and recent examples of his work include the portraits of the Prime Minister on the front of Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
The vehicle itself was removed from the crash site at approximately 12:00 GMT on the same day.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali are the rescue of the world's remaining forests and the sharing of technologies to help developing countries grow in a less environmentally harmful way.
The United Nations also hopes to set up a fund to help countries affected by global warming cope with the effects.
The funds could be used for high water-safe housing, better water management and diversification of crops.
Fluke wrote that the efforts of some to overwhelm women who wanted to talk about women's health were not successful.
She came to this conclusion on the basis of the numerous positive comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who insisted that contraceptives should be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting for transporting the wounded to the hospital ceased, about 40 of the remaining inmates remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to defuse the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are unclear.
This sediment was needed to form sandbanks and beaches that served as habitat for wildlife.
The authorities hope that the rise in water levels after the flood will be enough to restore eroded sand dunes downstream, although only a few feet.
Although Winfrey shed tears at her farewell, she assured her fans that she would return.
This will not be goodbye. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new chapter.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have indicated that the incumbent President Hifikepunye Pohamba has been re-elected by a wide margin.
Coalition troops and Afghan troops entered the area to secure the location, and other Coalition aircraft were dispatched to assist.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and it is believed to have been the result of enemy fire.
Efforts to locate the crash site are hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
"Richard Veerman, spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said: 'Angola is heading for the worst outbreak of all time, and the situation in Angola is still very bad.'"
The games started at 10 a.m. with great weather, and apart from a little sneezing rain in the morning, which quickly slowed down, it was an ideal day for rugby sevens.
South Africa, the tournament's top seed, started off with a comfortable 26:00 victory over fifth-placed Zambia.
Although the team was definitely upset in the match against their southern sisters, South Africa improved steadily over the course of the tournament.
Their disciplined defense, ball control and excellent teamwork made it clear that this was the team to beat.
"Their thermal behavior is not as consistent as the large caves on Earth, which often have fairly constant temperatures, but it is consistent with the fact that they are deep holes in the ground", said Glen Cushing of the Astrogeology Team at the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona".
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a cabin and put a pre-printed sheet of paper on which the candidate for their election is registered in an envelope.
After the officials confirm the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voter list.
The French electoral law sets the procedure quite strictly.
Since 1988, ballots must be transparent so that voters and observers can testify that there are no envelopes at the beginning of the election and that no envelopes are thrown except those of duly counted and authorized voters.
Candidates may send representatives to witness each part of the proceedings, and in the evening the votes of volunteers will be counted under strict supervision and according to special procedures.
The broadcaster's website describes the show as an old-school radio theater with a new and creepy slanted interpretation!
In its early days, the show was only shown on the long-running Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site that focuses on talk radio.
The show originally featured local amateur synchronized speakers from East Texas.
According to reports, extensive looting continued through the night, while police officers showed no presence on the streets of Bishkek.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in the Three Nations tournament at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a 21-20 victory, ending the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
It was the last game for the All Blacks, who had won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The final of the tournament will take place next week at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, where the Springboks meet in Australia.
No immediate reports of damage were received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicentre of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
It was confirmed that the human-fatal bird flu H5N1 infected a wild boar found dead on Monday in a swampy area near Lyon in eastern France.
That's why the performers on stage smoke cannabis joints and the theater itself encourages the audience to participate.
After presenting the results, Gingrich praised Santorum, but found harsh words for Romney, whose name had been used in Iowa to air negative campaign ads against Gingrich.
"Perry stated that he would return to Texas to evaluate the outcome of tonight's primary and decide if there was a way forward for me in this race", but later said he would stay in the race and run in the primary in South Carolina on January 21".
In a statement, Bieber said: "Although I was neither present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
The hospital followed infection protection protocols, including separating the patient from others to prevent third-party infection.
Before the Simpsons, Simon had worked on several shows in different roles.
In the 1980s, he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracey Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped Brooks and Groening create The Simpsons and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team.
Earlier, the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported the planned hijacking of a plane.
In a helicopter crash earlier this week, three people were killed and three others injured.
Murray lost the first set in the breakout after both men had held every single stroke in the set.
Then Lakkha Singh took the lead singing the Bhajans.
Baba Shyam was served 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism 56 different edible things such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes, etc., which are offered to the deity).
His teammate led the race most of the time, but ended it right after his boxing break, probably because of a tightly-fitted right-handed front.
However, it is not assumed that they damaged the shuttle in any way.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., head of NASA's shuttle program, said the foam dropped after the time we're worried about.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 of the Shika nuclear power plant had been shut down.
It is reported that about 9,400 homes in the region lack water and about 100 do not have electricity.
According to some reports, the official death toll is eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples of pets that died after eating contaminated pet food.
The two compounds interact to form crystals that, according to researchers at the university, can interfere with kidney function.
The composition of these crystals is similar to that found in the urine of affected pets when compared with infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill banning the sale or lease of violent video games to minors.
The bill provides for video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a sticker number 18 and for sale to minors to be fined $1,000.
Attorney General Kier Starmer QC issued a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Chicken and Pryce.
Chicken has resigned and is being replaced in the Cabinet by the incumbent, Ed Davey, who is expected to take over the job of the Secretary of Commerce, which Davey is leaving.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
In addition to Wednesday's event, Carpanedo took part in the championship in two individual races.
Her first was the slalom, in which she received a Did not finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 participants scored the same result in this race.
However, the driver suffered serious head injuries.
The road on which the accident occurred was temporarily closed while the emergency services released the driver from the red Audi TT.
She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but eyewitness testimony could be tampered with because her picture was widely published.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and the courts have found the publication of photos potentially harmful.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes: Journalists seem to cross a dangerous line when they post photos etc. of suspects.
The Crown Office, which is a leading prosecutor, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until the indictment.
Other subjects allegedly covered include the future of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Protectors of the accompanying pest control attempt should be closely monitored by rangers, as the attempt has been monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
Martelly yesterday sworn in a new nine-member Provisional Electoral Commission.
The Commission was Martelly's response to the widespread protests against the regime that began in October.
"Last week, METI announced that Apple had reported 34 more cases of overheating, which the company described as 'non-serious.'"
The Ministry responded by saying that Apple's postponement of the report was "really regrettable".
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had also stated that there were no signs of a tsunami.
A former Philippine police officer has taken Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza shot the tourists with his M16 rifle.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and pursued a medical career.
"Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first Queen of the Extreme, my first manager, Luna died on the night of the two moons, very unique, just like her, a strong woman.'"
Dustin Goldust Runnels made the following comment: Luna was just as crazy as I was... maybe even more crazy... I love her and will miss her... hopefully she's in a better place.
Thirty-four percent of those surveyed share this view and want Elizabeth II to be the last Australian monarch.
He was unable to take the necessary medications to relieve his pain, as they are banned at the Commonwealth Games.
On January 25, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Since comets collided with the earth long ago, scientists are promising insights into how planets, especially the earth, will emerge.
There is speculation that he might run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would allow planes to fly shorter distances, saving millions of gallons of fuel each year and reducing carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology instead of the older technology based on ground radar to enable flight controllers to more accurately locate aircraft and provide pilots with more accurate information.
Concerned about the lack of transportation, the odds grew that the game would have to be played behind closed doors without the team's fans.
A study published Thursday in the journal Science reported the emergence of a new bird species on the Ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
The pH level indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the tested chemicals.
In ancient Egypt, Persia, and China, toilets were also used. In Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses visited by men and women in mixed society.
The satellite in space receives the call and then almost immediately reflects it back down.
The bicycle has changed the world in incredible ways, and the greatest service the bicycle has done to us is much easier and faster transportation.
It brought us the railroad, the car, and many other means of transportation.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called herds.
Lion ravens act similarly to wolf or dog ravens, animals that are surprisingly similar in behavior to lions (but not other large cats) and equally lethal to their prey.
As a versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (though not particularly well), swim, jump long distances, and pull with five times the strength of a strong man.
Ozelots eat small animals. If they can, they prey on monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds. Almost all the animals the ozelot hunts are much smaller than himself.
Scientists believe that the Ozelotes track and detect animals for food with their sense of smell. They sniff after where they have been on the ground.
When a small group of organisms (a small population) is separated from the main population from which they originate (e.g. when they move across a mountain range or river or when they move to a new island so that they cannot easily return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than before.
This new environment has different resources and other competitors, so the new population needs different characteristics or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what it used to be.
The original population has not changed at all. It still needs the same adjustments as before.
After thousands or even millions of years, two populations look so different that they can no longer be attributed to the same species.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called Zikkurats, were built as part of the temples.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, houses did not become so important.
Greenland was sparsely populated. According to old Norse legends, Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder. As he travelled further west, he found Greenland and named it Greenland.
Although all countries were Scandinavian, there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
Although there is something written on the back of the scroll, it is not a treasure card.
It is therefore possible that the marking was simply added as a marking.
"It was ruled by the 'Vichy' French, who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the conquerors instead of fighting them".
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France; the invasion was called Operation Dragoon.
A civilization is an independent culture shared by a significantly large group of people who live and work together, a society.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions and Italians participate in international competitions and the Olympic Games.
The origins of Taiwan date back to the 15th century, when European sailors passed by and documented the island's name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a branch in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a change in indigenous grain cultivation methods and employing Chinese workers on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing Dynasty forces (1644-1912) took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal regions and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing Dynasty government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, in which it ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give tourists a better impression of what they originally looked like.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and restoration work continues to this day.
Many common formats (for example, the APS family of formats) have exactly the same or very similar side ratios.
The much despised and often mocked rule of thirds is a simple directive that creates momentum while maintaining a degree of order in an image.
It states that the point of intersection of the lines that triangulate an image vertically and horizontally is the most effective place for the main motif (see example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, was undergoing a test.
His omnipotence ruled everyone, from the king to the common citizen.
For more than a thousand years, the central authority of the Church has been in Rome, and this concentration of power and money has caused many to doubt whether this principle was being met.
Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved effective because it cut off vital military and civilian supplies to the country, although this blockade violated generally recognized international law codified by several international agreements of the last two centuries.
Since the response to this tactic was limited, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
In the 1920s, pacifism and isolation were the dominant attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After experiencing the horrors and atrocities of World War I, the nations wanted to avoid another such situation in the future.
Ancient China had a unique method of indicating different eras. Each era in China and each family that was in power was its own dynasty.
The most famous of these periods was the Three Kingdoms period, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
There are a lot of social and political effects like the use of the metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism and nationalism, and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a ruler alone.
The French Revolution also inspired many oppressed working class people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
In fact, it's not easy to find, even if you know it exists. Once you're in the cave, you're completely isolated.
Highlighting usually generates a softer sound, while coloring is stronger and more expressive.
The mob forced King and Queen to open the windows of their carriages wide.
Of course, the super-profits derived from the continued exploitation of the Filipino people were the basic gains of US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context that led to the founding of the Order.
The epoch in which the events took place is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, an era in European history spanning the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (10001300 CE).
However, a national road network is not economically viable for only a small number of cars, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The widespread car ownership also leads to a higher number of road accidents, which in turn leads to the invention of new healthcare techniques for repairing damaged bodies.
In the context of romance, it was geography that shaped individuals, and over time, customs and cultures emerged in relation to that geography, and these, as they were in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrarily occult laws.
Its fame as the epicenter of luxury began about 400 C.E. and lasted until about 1100 C.E.
Its status declined during the twelfth century, largely due to the return of the Crusaders with gifts such as silk and spices, which were considered more valuable than the offer of the Byzantine markets.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries.
In the beginning, clothing was strongly influenced by Byzantine culture in the east.
Subcultures bring together like-minded people who feel neglected by societal norms and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
The characteristics that define a subculture as such may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical, or a combination of these factors.
Members of a subculture often signal their belonging through a distinctive and symbolic style, which includes fashion, habits and jargon.
One of the most common ways to illustrate the importance of socialization is to rely on the few unfortunate cases of children who have not been socialized by adults due to neglect, misfortune or intentional abuse during their childhood.
"Such children are called 'wild' or wild. Some wild children have been held captive by humans (usually their own parents); in some cases, the neglect of the child was due to the parents' inability to accept the child's significant intellectual or physical limitations".
When raised entirely by animals, the wild child exhibits behaviors (within his physical capabilities) that are almost completely consistent with those of his specific caregiver, such as his fear or indifference to humans.
Scaffolding is not a learning method, but rather an aid that supports individuals in a new learning situation, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Children are placed in foster care for a variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse to blackmail.
No child should be forced to grow up in an environment that is not caring, loving, and educational, but many are forced to do so.
The Internet connects elements of both mass communication and interpersonal communication.
The specificities of the Internet have led to additional dimensions in terms of the benefits and rewards approach.
For example, learning and socialization are presented as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
Personal engagement and lasting relationships were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied audience responses to websites.
The use of video recordings led to important discoveries for interpreting microexpressions, few millisecond facial movements.
In his article The President's Speech, Oliver Sacks showed how people who can no longer understand language because of a brain injury can still properly appreciate people's honesty.
He even claims that the ability to interpret human behavior may be shared with animals such as domestic dogs.
It also has serious consequences if left untreated: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
In contrast, animal food sources (ants, termites, eggs) are not only easily digestible but also supply large amounts of protein containing all essential amino acids.
This can be easily achieved by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without waking you up completely.
Another biorhythmic option is to drink plenty of fluid before bedtime (especially water or tea, which is known for its urine-depleting effects) so that you have to get up to urinate.
The degree of inner peace that a person has is inversely correlated with the degree of tension in body and mind.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-encompassing love.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the United States. After the war ended, the collision of systems, history and culture led to the countries becoming enemies.
On 17 September 1939 the Polish defences had already completely collapsed and the only hope was a retreat and a re-positioning along the Romanian bridgehead.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is by far the most efficient method of transporting large quantities of people and goods across the oceans.
Two-legged species are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have been on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
Following its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by Congress President John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was sent a few blocks away to John Dunlap's printing plant.
The 25 pages of Dunlap still in existence are the oldest surviving copies of the document.
Almost all computers used today are based on processing information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for this particular poison.
The term Wanze is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology, were recognized.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are often largely based on the presence of body cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Cycle-specific behaviors, which are not just responses to signs of external cycles, are known to most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that cycle freely for a period of time, even in the absence of external signals.
The Hershey Chase experiment was one of the key indications that DNA is genetic material.
Mutations can have a wide variety of effects, depending on the type of mutation involved, the significance of the piece of genetic material involved and whether the cells involved are germ cells.
Examples of local activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
Why are transport systems causing such failures, why are they failing every day? Are transport engineers simply incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on here?
These relationships assist in the planning, design and operation of infrastructure on the highway.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus claimed that the sun was at the center of the solar system's movements.
That seems reasonable, since it doesn't seem like the earth is moving, does it?
Twenty percent of the water flowing through the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
Although the construction of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in size and technical perfection.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom admired the monuments of their ancestors, which were well over a thousand years old at the time.
Vatican City has about 800 inhabitants. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the country with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communication.
Aristotle, a philosopher, proposed the theory that all things are made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
Unfortunately, with the advent of newer writing methods, the pencil has been pushed back in its status and use.
Nowadays, people write messages on computer screens without ever having to get close to a leader.
Content theories focus on finding what moves or appeals to people.
These theories suggest that humans have certain needs and/or desires that become internalized as they grow up.
Generally speaking, there are two behaviors that can occur when managers start to lead their former colleagues: one end of the spectrum is trying to stay one of the guys (or one of the girls).
This type of manager has trouble making unpopular decisions, carrying out disciplinary measures, performing performance assessments, assigning responsibilities and hiring employees.
They often have more autonomy than traditional team members, as their teams can meet in different time zones that may not be taken into account by local management.
Why would an organization take the time-consuming process of introducing a learning organization? One goal for the practical implementation of organizational learning concepts is innovation.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior is supported by scientists in their research.
Examples include control, the development of strategies and schedules, the ability to respond to customer diagnoses and questions, and handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become self-contained disciplines that focus on finding solutions to real life problems.
The AI system is now widely used in business, medicine, engineering and the military, and has also been incorporated into numerous software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school classroom, and often a teacher would like to take her students to places where bus travel is not possible.
For example, students at the Bennett School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital each year. The website is updated every year, but the previous versions remain online and serve as a compilation album.
Since students are often a very critical audience, the blogger struggles to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
Blogging is a tool that inspires cooperation and encourages students to continue learning far beyond the traditional school day.
Ottawa is Canada's enchanting, bilingual capital and is distinguished by a number of art galleries and museums that present Canada's past and present.
Women: It is recommended that all female travelers claim to be married, regardless of their actual family status.
Stay consistent when you reject men, and don't be afraid to defend your position (cultural differences go back and forth; that doesn't mean it's okay yet!)
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
In 1990 it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in Danger due to the threat of desert sand.
For the best views of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the opposite shore of Kowloon.
If you're looking for traces of the area's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
Since the buses between the districts are often crowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese coastal buses, which are comfortable and stable.
Collector taxis provide a quick and convenient way to get to nearby places such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a suspension bridge that spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The Guarani were the most important indigenous group inhabiting what is now eastern Paraguay. They lived as semi-nomadic hunters who also farmed subsistence crops.
The Chaco region was also home to other groups of indigenous tribes, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.x
The Spanish began a three-century period of colonization.
Argentina is known for its polo team and its players being among the best in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year will take place in December at Las Cañitas Polo Grounds.
Information on competitions and points of sale for polo tickets can be found at the Asociación Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), the value of which is determined in accordance with the value of the British Pound (GBP).
Since Montevideo lies south of the equator, it's summer there, while it's winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
According to the Parking Authority, visitors should keep at least 100 yards from bears and wolves and 25 yards from all other wildlife!
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they don't keep enough distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so leave them plenty of room.
Also, be aware that smells can attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking highly fragrant foods, and be careful to keep your stock clean.
Apia was founded in the 50s of the 18th century and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
All but one British cruiser was sunk, killing nearly 200 Americans and Germans.
Since Auckland covers two ports, there are many beaches. The most popular beaches are in three areas.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at the port of Waitemata, in the upscale suburbs of Mission Bay and St. Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are family beaches that are sometimes crowded with a nice shopping promenade along the coast.
The most important local beer is Number One. It's not a complex beer, but it's pleasant and refreshing.
Sharks exist, but they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are afraid of humans and would swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles do not live actively in the sea, their primary habitat being in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
A booking in advance assures the traveller that he will have a place to stay when he arrives at the destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may also be able to book other types of accommodation, such as tents, through a travel agency.x
Travel agencies usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation to and from the airport or even a combination of flight and hotel.
At some festivals, the vast majority of festivalgoers choose to camp locally, and most visitors consider this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to what's going on, you have to go early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that in some parts of the festival, music is still played late into the night, even if the music on the main stage has already stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern Baltic Sea in winter, check the location of the cabin, as breaking ice causes quite terrible noise for the most affected.
Cruises to St. Petersburg also provide time to stay in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from the visa requirement (see conditions).
They usually have a special offer of food, drink, and entertainment to keep the guests in a good mood and to keep them staying.
Some gambling establishments offer free alcoholic beverages, but drunkenness impairs judgment, and all good gamblers realize the importance of remaining sober.
On busy and snowy roads, the liability is low and you can't drive like you're on bare asphalt.
On the other hand, freezing and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic continues uninterrupted throughout most of the year.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight of many visitors.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to get close to cars, and the standard equipment allows for good visibility.
The Paralympics will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held at other venues across Japan.
The cancellation guidelines vary, but as of the end of March most cancellation guidelines due to the coronavirus did not apply until July 2020, for which the Olympics were scheduled.
It is estimated that most tickets for the event will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, an average ticket of about ¥7,000.
The effectiveness of filters varies greatly, and if you have any concerns, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travelers may encounter animal pests they do not know from their home regions.
Infectious diseases as such or dangerous animals that can harm or kill humans by violence are not usually classified as insects.
Customs-free shopping is the ability to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and excise duties in certain places.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway is arguably the greatest driving challenge, often leading through remote, undeveloped terrain.
If you're not used to driving on country roads, be careful: steep crevices, narrow lanes and sharp curves predominate here.
The specified speed limits are significantly lower than in the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and their strict compliance is even more important than usual.
Interestingly, however, mobile coverage here is much better than many other areas of the route, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
With a selection of 17,000 islands, Indonesian food is a catch-all term that encompasses a wide variety of regional cuisines found throughout the country.
They give the rider more stability, but there are safety concerns because the rider's feet may get trapped inside them.
Cochamó Valley  Chile's most important climbing destination, known as Yosemite National Park of South America, with a variety of large granite walls and cliffs.
The summits offer a breathtaking view, and climbers from all over the world keep discovering new routes along the walls that offer endless possibilities.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as Skipenner, planning their entire holiday around skiing in a particular place.
It is similar to alpine skiing, but does not necessarily involve mountaineering, as the latter is done on steep terrain and requires much steeper skiing and boots.
Consider the ski route a similar hiking route.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has a number of independent countries. Normally you would have to apply for multiple visas and go through multiple passport checks if you wanted to travel through several countries.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to go through passport control again.
There is no generally accepted definition of which manufactured goods are considered antiques. Some tax authorities define goods that are over 100 years old as antiques.
"Although the term 'Gypsy' is widely used, especially by non-Romans, it is often perceived as offensive, as it is associated with its negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma".
They can also consult the advice of governments other than yours, but their advice is tailored to their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may face different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Consultations are merely a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views presented are often superficial, general and overly simplified compared to the more detailed information found elsewhere.
Anyone planning to travel to a country that is considered a war zone should undergo professional training.
There are numerous books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but few publications on war zones.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with no gender (X) or documents updated on the desired name and gender varies.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and while it's still before the show starts.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula, the largest being King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Ellsworthland is the region south of the peninsula, bounded by Lake Bellingshausen.
The mountains of the peninsula pass here into the plateau and then rise again to form the 360 km long chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, which is divided by the Minnesota Glacier.
In remote areas without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is generally not a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outside and in a clear line of sight of a satellite to make a call.
The service is frequently used by ships, including pleasure craft, as well as by expeditions requiring data and voice telecommunications.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide further information on connecting to that service.
An increasingly popular option for people planning to take a year off is to study and study abroad.
This is especially popular among high school graduates because it allows them to take a year off before college without interfering with their studies.
Finland is a great destination for boat trips. The land of a thousand lakes also has thousands of islands in the lakes and coastal archipelagos.
If you only go ashore during the Bordeaux excursions, you do not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
As you can see on the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
There is no need to be ashamed of it: it is nothing more than the personal fears and antipathies that many people have.
On some routes, the larger companies used their own aircraft, but on other routes and on smaller ones, difficulties arose.
The only way to get through it faster was to ship it as abandoned baggage, because airline regulations don't allow you to ship baggage without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
However, this is not cheap: as a rule of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy rate for business and eleven for first class!
The airlines are well aware that there is a certain core group of pilots who, for the privilege of getting to their destination quickly and comfortably, are willing to pay a lot of money and charge appropriate prices.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflicts.
Izmir is the third-largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second-largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping malls are characterized by classic red brick roofs, the 18th-century market, as well as old mosques and churches, although the city emits a more Mediterranean European atmosphere than that of traditional Turkey.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, as it is legally defined as the first official language.
Parisians are said to be self-centered, rude and arrogant.
Although this is often just an inappropriate cliché, the best way to find yourself in Paris is to be on your best side and to behave like someone who is bien élevé.
The barbaric appearance of the Parisians disappears very quickly when you adopt basic manners.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, with mainly scrub, ferns and ponds, and a mix of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
There are rare fauna such as European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, locusts, wild cats and chickens, as well as many more common species.
These can also be borrowed from the stock at the entrance, but the clothes are not washed after each wearer, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts.
Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork) and always uses olive oil.
It may also make reading easier, but writing is somewhat difficult because you have to determine whether a keyword or an adjective is used as the main word.
The Italian pronunciation is relatively simple because most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
That is why reading this introductory grammar would help you to learn much about Persian grammar and to understand the wording better.
However, people who speak a little Spanish might quickly conclude that Portuguese is so similar that it is not necessary to learn it extra.
Most modern research telescopes are massive installations in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
If you go to a formal garden and collect samples, you're also thrown out without discussion.
There are also a few buses heading north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Inland waterways can be a good basis for holiday planning.
Many of the traditions surrounding the festival have been adopted worldwide by non-believers in both Christian and non-Christian lands.
There is a tradition of waking up on Easter night in some open place to watch the sunrise.
There are, of course, Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
Because of its great distance from the continent, mammals were unable to make the journey, making the giant tortoise the main predator on the Galapagos Islands.
This provides a good opportunity to see the northern lights, as the sky is more or less dark around the clock.
Suits are common business clothing, and colleagues use their family names or job titles.
Harmony in the workplace is crucial, with a focus on group performance rather than individual achievement praise.
Often, employees must seek the approval of their superiors for all decisions they make and are expected to follow the instructions of their bosses unconditionally.