Product code: 92670 Waterproof bag with press-on (button) closure and adjustable strap.
There will be time for celebration and time for soft music!
In a cup, we mix the sauce with the pasta.
The bath includes a hair dryer, towels and care products.
A heterosexual marriage is much more than sexual intimacy, and anyone who's been married for quite some time will tell you that intercourse is the first thing that disappears when mental and emotional intimacy is lost or violated.
Individuals who have never experienced symptoms or have not experienced symptoms for at least 2 days may end their self-isolation period after 5 days if they perform a negative effect on a molecular test or a rapid antigen test.
The answer lies in these children's creations, it is the happy and bright secret that allows us adults to say, fellowship with the little creators: Yes!
Artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things have greatly enhanced the connectivity between people and devices.
All finishers will be given a commemorative emblem and a race licence, which they will be able to download from the race website after the official results are posted.
If you speak good English and have ambitions to pursue a career in a foreign country, Ireland would be the best choice in 2020.
The wide support band at the bottom of the brace is an adequate replacement for the panels and wires that provide additional support and erection of the chest.
The role it plays in trade is undoubtedly important not only nationally but also globally.
Contact Us Send us your comments and questions by filling in the form below and we will contact you.
Unique OEM quality: our range of more than 25,000 parts is complemented by the guarantee that each product meets the OEM specifications.
In particular, the programme aims to provide in its completion: (a) a description of the current difficulties experienced by children as reflected in the school curriculum (according to reports by school principals), (b) a detailed and presentation of teachers' best practices as they will emerge through semi-structured interview protocols, (c) an electronic database with educational materials and tools available, a teacher support system based on the research carried out, and) a well-organized dissemination and exploitation of results process based on collaboration, networks and experiences so as to ensure long-lasting results.
Place the base for a glass in the skeleton so that you can always have coffee or other drinks by your side.
Reception room: a reception area with a living room, access to computers & wireless internet, a large screen receiver, a corner with safe deposit boxes and a library where you can freely borrow books of your choice
Pets Your pets are welcome to camp at no extra charge, but you must take care of them and keep them in their belts.
Note, the cast wrought iron, which creates the exterior (exterior). Time travel: During Ottoman rule, the building served, for short periods, as the headquarters of the Greek Consulate.
2018, Adding an enclosed barbecue space, parking space and setting up an environmental space owned by Bozannis Virginia in Volo.
Apply clean, fresh skin to the face and neck in sufficient quantity, gently softening for 2-3 minutes, avoiding the eye area.
A list of hotels will appear on the screen, alongside the booking costs for each hotel.
The Apology of Socrates is a playful and humorous dramatization of the famous defense of the great philosopher and moral teacher before the Athenian court in 399 B.C.
When you walk into the hotel café to get the key to your room, you will certainly feel the warmth of the fireplace on the edge of the room, while behind the bar you will see Mrs. Maria and her husband George preparing the customers' cupcakes with zeal and joy.
The small depth of construction and the fine lines of the visible outline offer the best renovation advantages.
Cornered detached residence 150m in Lycabetto with unlimited views.
It's partially furnished, built in 1950 and has beautiful mountain views, several outdoor parking spaces, energy class H, stone-to-musmash floors.
The documentary deals with the ideas of insularization, mobility and long-term human presence in the Aegean.
It is for us a new station from which we will be able to explore additional possibilities, welcome other new people to our team, hosting more skill and passion to serve even better our mission of offering excellent services and entertainment products.
An amazing marshmallow so you can move comfortably while doing business, walking or shopping!
Small-scale rapid sketch exercises, extended to outdoor nature studies, with the aim of using scratching as a practice method in the design, as a preparatory tool for larger studies, as a final standalone project, and as a tool for solving visual problems.
Cover them with olive oil, mix the container, and let it marinate for three weeks.
Painkillers or a warm bath before bed can relieve pain and stiffness.
Working at a station today is very important, not only for the work you do there but for what you offer to the world that watches you.
Idea: Don't just see two options: modern (and therefore acceptable) or outdated (and therefore unacceptable). Think of a third option: be confident about yourself and your choices.
What happens if the little guy eats onions?
They have soft purple furnishings and a small kitchen with 2 kitchen cabinets, mini fridge and dining room Additional information
With this work he helped develop a distinct, English-speaking poetic tradition in his homeland, which by then had been expressed in Gaelic, and established himself as Ireland's national poet.
If your script is scheduled to run on an edited image, you'll want to enter it in the image window options.
If your sandals or shoes are decorated, use carefully, do not wear your handmade shoes such as on the beach in the sand while cycling, sports, etc.
The Pagratio area is known for easy access to the city center (today served by the Evangelismo subway station), good restaurants and neighborhood taverns.
It comes with a new hydrodynamic design, front glass for visual control of filters and low operating voltage - energy consumption.
Here we need to carefully insert a thin straight slate right between each clip and the roof part and move the plastic shape of the clip downwards.
The young student was found in a coma by his mother in the school yard after graduation.
The product is suitable for those who want to create a matte painting with moderate opacity.
The best time to put on an impressive pair of earrings or an expensive necklace is when you won't feel so great.
Although the dollar officially passed the gold rule in 1900, the use of the gold and silver rule ceased in practice in 1873 when the Coinage Act of 1873 suspended the cutting of the silver dollar to 412.5 cents, the only legal tender whose holders could convert it from gold to unlimited amounts of silver.[33] This decision was made in the 1870s when the silver rush began.
Works such as the suburban rail link to the new international airport or the coastal runway of the capital, were built only at the insistence of the International Olympic Committee, while the works that were legally armoured with special exceptions as Olympic Works include shopping malls that operated... 1.5 years after the Games.
Advantages Advantages of an internal promotion team or employee include: Familiarity with the brand When you have an internal marketing team or an employee, they know your brand, which informs all marketing decisions and their material.
Highlight your curves in a full-body swimsuit with a sharp neckline or a bikini with an impressive top and bright colors.
You will still need less time to complete the cleaning with an electric scrubber with the cleaning efficiency you would expect from a larger electric scrubber. You can easily adjust the power of the intake engine to meet your specific cleaning needs and with components conveniently stored on the scrubber having high mobility but also an indication of filter change the cleaning task could not have been easier.
I have a feeling this is your best collection in years.
Practically the electricity floats in salt water.
It's almost everyone with a kind of unruly style and another death in the family, okay, let's go for a drink?
The flowerbond presented includes 15 red roses and 9 branches of White Roses.
The suite includes a hot tub, her own dining room and a private balcony and beauty items.
Handmade fabrics, flowers, skirts, dicks, up to whole earrings and Indian fabrics!
Gin is a girl's coat.
They tell you that you have magnets or something and they ask you thousands of euros to solve them.
A warm and comfortable waiting area to enjoy your coffee, watch TV or read a magazine, waiting for your appointment or the patient you are escorting.
In a glass, we mix the cold water with the gelatin and leave it for five minutes to soften the gelatin.
All these are the ones who bankrupted the country and handed it over to creditors' memories while the most active in the plundering act as the leaders of the resistance.
Now the connector will be permanently located in the charging port of your mobile phone and all you have to do from now on is to approach the other end of the cable near it so that with the special magnetic edge of it you can connect it to exactly the point it should be on its own!
Christ the Elder skillfully handled the coal until paper was exhausted, producing forms without losing the balance between full and empty, white and black, line and form.
The record you hold in your hands is an artistic testament to a year-station for humanity.
An emergency healthcare kit is located at the reception (thermometer, microbicide disinfectant/ surfacing diapers, disinfectant gel, face masks, disposable gloves, disposable protective cap, disposable waste bag), as well as information for doctors and hospitals.
I want to keep training with the team until the end of the season and not give up.
So since they take up enough space on their own, why not use them? Put on a wrapping paper coating if the luggage is old and a little scented lavender to get rid of the insects.
The military dictatorship had previously issued a warrant for his arrest on 13 February 2021 because of his social media posts, which were critical of the junta's military coup that took place a few days earlier.
The exterior of each of our studios will be the best place to relax and have a glass of wine overlooking some of the best sunsets.
The city's summer cinemas are waiting for you every night with movies for all tastes.
Start easily with a debit/credit note or an e-wallet.
A boat trip to Santorini
It's blown directly against the wall by a glass overhang without changing the structure of the building.
Critically examine how newsletters in different parts of the world are shaped by different cultural, political and economic environments
If, however, the sore bites, the first step is to immediately heal the wound.
The scope of the activities of the Neue Formen Kunsthalle was wide: it hosted many individual exhibitions of established and new artists, as well as group exhibitions, in the gallery space and in other exhibition centres.
It's full of closets and storage and organizing spaces.
Fresh lemon juice, as well as a small amount of organic natural vinegar, complement the flavouring spectrum of Anastasia.
There were two variations: the black-bearded Marine and the black investor and the white-bearded Marine and the yellow nitroglycerin.
Come in for yourself, listen to even more stories and try the best coffee in this place, coffee for joy in Hassan's mood.
From orange pink and coral lipstick to blue-green and yellow shade.
When we focus our gaze on nearby objects for a long time, it can lead to visual fatigue. Whether you're working underneath your car's lid or doing some woodworking work, you've certainly experienced that feeling.
The harbour, the central bus station and the taxi stand are 500 metres away, providing easy access to the archaeological sites of Rhodes, such as the medieval old town and the port of Mandrake.
Our company's culture of social inclusion, entrepreneurship and teamwork is what motivates our 34,000 employees every day.
The two-story building in central Athens, where the appropriate space was found to house her art workshop, is an alternative proposal for a reception space for the future bride.
Hikers will be happy to walk through the marshes and hidden paths of Muresius, which through apples, chestnuts, and a dense forest lead to a deep valley where in spring two tidal swells form waterfalls that create beautiful ponds among huge rocks adorned with a mosquito-covered floor.
When you encounter an enemy, jump out of your shoe and step on it to win more coins!
The compact floors provide very good sound insulation, thermal insulation, stability in changing weather conditions, long service life, as well as the possibility of staircase installation for absolute homogeneity.
With a few ingredients like fresh strawberries, herbal cream, candy and biscuits, the result will be impressive and delicious.
A children's library with room for books and storage boxes and a unique crown-shaped closet, in the color of your liking!
We want and can always provide an excellent result in machine repair.
The hijackers will remove phones or other devices (the implanted tracking microwave is, so far, something that only exists in spy movies).
This year, the fair will last for five days and will be divided into two parts.
The unique educational activity is hosted under the auspices of universities, institutes, museums, cultural and educational institutions, as well as well-known non-governmental organizations with incredibly experiential and innovative actions.
To use: For narrow tufts, pass the handle between a few eyebrows (about half an inch) and lift them out of the row a little higher than that.
It's also a beautiful way to add a playful feel and personal style to the space.
We offer basic safety features, including a cuttlefish impact switch and emergency passenger button.
It is applied to a coating with a roller or loader without dilution and without a ballast.
It can be used in many dishes, such as salads, as a dessert served with wine, as a main course or as a side dish or even as a dessert.
It needs cabinets, refreshing the painting of the house, fixing the kitchen cabinets, and a heating system for anyone who wants it.
Variety Bustilli, the new white Ionian protagonist with a soft, sweet and inflated character.
The braided fur serves animals of various sizes.
Spread uniformly on clean, dried sheets of hair and then comb as you please.
Very beautiful handmade wedding wreaths made of a rod of forged metal in silver.
With our fingers we press the edges of the leaf to form the outline of the leaf.
In the comments field indicate that there is a change as well as the number from the proof of retail you had received when sending your order.
Set of 3-piece towels, bath, face and hand, fruit fabric, pennies, 100% cotton, with decorative cross-section.
Asian and African army ants live much less, but they are known for their other accomplishments.
A practical head covering helps keep your child warm after a nice bath while keeping the towel in place when the child moves or runs around.
The view of Euboea, the beautiful beaches, and the impressive complex of the Petaly Islands surround this luxurious sanctuary that is inspired by elements of Greek nature.
When it's time for them to go to sleep, put their bags in the trunk and roll it to the children's elevator to take them to their rooms.
After the show, I went to Dick Edwards' bar for a while and then I went home.
- The chef of the Orpheus Hotel can also prepare for you any international menu of your choice!
So far, the first appearance has been in India.
Brush: mixing liquid = 2:1 Applied with a brush about 20 minutes before the new solid or brush falls
Wedding set of crystalline candy and glass decorated with elegant satin spoons and cotton silk silk gold quantity
Add the chopped vegetables, cinnamon tree, leafy leaves, cumin, and tomato juice.
A big congratulations to the Pariah of the Leaves for once again fulfilling its mission!
Our company's flat cleaners offer the perfectly adapted application to a vehicle's windscreen, so that drivers and passengers enjoy optimal safety and performance.
Democracy - a rather complicated riddle through which they must go through all the stages of the election to become president.
We know very well that European social democracy is now convincing when it speaks simultaneously of production, competitiveness, cohesion and redistribution.
They knew from their Christian friends that mothers went to pray reverently to the Virgin for their sick children by lighting lamps of their height!
But in this particular case, I noticed that the fork they were selling along with the handle was too high relative to the thickness of the box lid.
Both gradual and polarised lenses reduce eye strain, but in different ways.
Labour prosperity and freedom from the bonds of family obligations and hierarchical institutions promised by the business counterculture, which reached its peak in the 1990s, proved to mean increasing insecurity and the decline in living standards.
Give them a reason to be encouraged.
If you notice anything (wasted wire, lamp that has run out, etc.) contact a lab assistant or production technician.
The roast of the boiled bones with the seeds is the main meal of the next dinner, which is attended by all those who helped the pig slaughter.
Help them load up the stacks of hay on the top floor of the barn using the winch.
An imprint matrix for building a realistic tree bark.
Players must complete every level in the series without bypassing.
This operation, after the mechanical/electrical brake has been engaged, holds the coupling for a few seconds while the driver moves the leg from the brake to the gas to avoid rolling backwards.
The beach of Platys Yalos is the most secular beach on the island.
Construction of 2005 with several additional projection measures (glass).
If you decide to give your team more than two days' leave, then her smooth reintegration should certainly concern you.
He believes unknowns set him up in the underground parking lot of the apartment building where they lived, surprised him and disappeared.
There are two apartments with two bedrooms on the ground floor (each with a double and a single bed), which include a fully equipped kitchen (with refrigerator, toaster, electric eyes, stove, cafeteria, stove, etc.) and a toilet with sink for each bedroom.
Frozen source The crushed ice applied after each heat treatment provides an absolute sense of cooling
We're crossing the appendix along (eastward).
Its mortality rate is about 6% worldwide and ticks containing such a poison are also found in Eurasia, although they are mainly animals suffering from them and its signs are rarely detected in humans in Europe and most of Russia.
I saw them on the main streets of Thessaloniki, in Cologne, in small shops in Mykonos, Santorini, Milo, and I was full of pride, because I knew that they were woven in my particular homeland.
The first buses departed on Wednesday, June 16, to Piraeus 260.
But why is pepper such a special spice with qualities that even herbs would be jealous of?
It is a bioclimate cloak and is a ground-breaking system entirely made of aluminium with revolving curtains that provides protection from sunlight in sunny conditions and from rain with a controlled water drainage system.
One advantage of this construction is that it allows the light and colors of the natural environment to pass through it, giving it the appearance of a chameleon!
Among them, the costumes of Mrs. Freedom, the wallet of Mrs. Basilica, the pottery of Ali Pasha, the flag-bearer from the Epirus, the swords of Zakhomelyus, the smoker of Athanasius Tsakalov, a plaque with an inscription from the hands of Mark Bocharus.
In this, you can not only change the quality of a teenage gay porn video during the performance, but also change its speed if a particular moment seems boring to you, this is an extremely useful feature.
There is no indication that the person who uploaded the tomusic manuscript obtained/has permission to submit the file.
The public version unit is commonly used on the market, so that the lamp and the mask unit do not match seriously.
In winter, you'll find him looking for new skiing destinations in Greece and abroad.
They'll climb up to the roof and start jumping on you from above.
In anguish for nervousness, the disappearance of the cashier in the Municipality of Artemis-Spatos develops.
The farmhouse offers refreshments, coffee, snacks, as well as traditional produce.
Each woman has her own preference for clothes, accessories, and shoes, and she gets information from many sources.
The swivel is activated by using the button on the left hand.
The arm rests firmly on the dashboard or windscreen of the car so that it can cover different needs and ensure that your device stays in place.
Knowledge of the self-sufficient plants of the Mediterranean flora with significant botany and herbal value.
We leave the car at the entrance to the village - no vehicles are allowed inside the settlement - and follow the main road leading to the square passing through beautifully restored buildings.
Handmade necklace with a layered chain of pearls and leaf-shaped crystals, blue-gold in color, handmade jewelry made of silver and semi-precious stones, inspired by Angelina.
A minimum of 10 sessions is usually required for a substantial benefit.
The unique moving-axle system with a moving flag is offered for the vertical operation of high-altitude and large-diameter rollers.
Consequently, if the owner of the car throws diluted fuel into the tank, but the rate of losses can increase.
Autonomous heating, internal fireplace, roasting and 30 meters from the sea with a large courtyard and a large balcony
Flexible and adaptable articulated design: This retractable angular articulated seating layout is 5 m2.
In the second period, PAOK had the lead, finding solutions in the attack with Vangelis Margaritis and Lino Goldcupulo, however Olympiacos ran a 7-0 series in the last second and closed the first half with a 2-point lead (36-34).
Baltic amber cobalt handkerchief in light yellow and cognac colour, with fittings of 925 silver and gold K_9 & K_14.
6 November - Apartheid: The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning apartheid policies in South Africa and calling on all UN member states to sever military and economic relations with the country.
Speak clearly, minimize the use of phrasing, eliminate the adjective
Colours: 0400 black, 2800 white orange
Who will get to the end if every time the pedestrian moves one or two steps forward?
They washed all the stuff and put it in cold bags and then painted whatever they could with dry dye for three days.
When the blade comes into open position, the spindle pushes the rudder forward, securing it.
The feast continues on the square, where ensembles perform in dance performances, while the great celebration culminates in the burning of the carnival king and the throwing of fireworks.
As expected, in this country anti-Turkish nationalism is emerging from nationalists of every color.
It's true that your father and mother may see things from different angles.
Lenin explained that expansionism is a stage of capitalism in which monopolies and money capital have dominated and the world has been divided by a handful of rival capitalist powers.
The rest of the day was spent with joint activities like Christmas construction, a pink-punk contest and music.
When placing a new tyre on a tyre ring requiring the use of an aerodynamic tyre, a new aerodynamic tyre should be fitted at the same time.
The lead again passed into the hands of the opponents (10-13, 7'10'), but Ukice, Diamantis and Bramos overturned the image, to form 17-13 (8'45'), while shortly after Ramel Curry scored 19-15 (9'35'') with a throw from midfield.
This can be accomplished if you focus on the warmth of each preparation, which is the transition from your busy daily routine to the work of the choir.
So we cut a silk necklace for the trade to see what the ready-made ties actually contain.
Depending on the size of the form, we put the corresponding amount of filling.
The experience was so convincing, it distracted me from the battle and I found the next projectile waiting for me.
The dosage assumption, also on the right side of each side A with the horizontal lines, enhances the immediate visual understanding of the contents, without necessarily having the usual descriptive performance of the syringe.
We did a tour of America, and then I ended up joining the band in 2002 or 2003.
The tank of that liquid, depending on the type of vehicle, is located either in the luggage compartment under the spare tire or at the edge of the luggage compartment or next to the fuel tank.
Yes, the conductor is in charge, but the final outcome depends on each individual in the choir.
Take part in live porn cams, enjoy hot adult sex and chat with attractive women!
It's Friday afternoon, around 6:00, and 17-year-old Thanos is rushing to the door.
Electromagnetic reversal diode in a stationary closed zero-pressure natural flow, direct activation valve.
The traditional Sunday boy attracts tourists.
It is mainly used as a substitute for rice (e.g. as an accompaniment to fish or meat, peppers filled with cherries, spinach, cherries with vegetables).
Children's two-piece set for boys consisting of a shirt with a short white sleeve and impressive design on the front and bermuda trousers with a matching design.
We don't forget to turn on the lights in the room when we're not there and the chargers in the electrical reception when we're not using them.
where it is a product of a partnership and/or
FABRICATION: Synthetic with coating coating (valve).
From Athens or Thessaloniki on your way to Lienokladis and continue by the train vehicle of the Prostiakos to Stylida.
In 2004, renovation work began on St. George's and hopes of finding the golden ball codes were heated up.
There are games that make a real dinosaur race - you have to execute one of the participants in that race and bring it to the finish line first.
A normal key is often 1,200 to 1,500 grams!
The arms are also removed to match the stylised coat on the figure and can then be reassembled by repositioning them on the figure - Includes a collection card with a figure photo on the front and a character biography on the back
Their elegant sub-white color, combined with a slightly darker beige, is the perfect base for the red soles to emerge.
So history repeats itself as a fraud and a nightmare.
He is then awarded a 50% discount certificate, which he can use when completing the order.
These days, the usual coloring is created from acidic salt with no hardness.
They used a ground penetrator and a body-tracking dog during the search.
A graduate of the School of Tourism Professions, he began working as an expert in several hotels, almost on all the Greek islands.
A manager must be oriented towards his team and lead it with the overall support he will provide: responsibility for the initiatives he will take, improvement of results for the good of the company, education, reward and awareness of new innovative ideas.
Comply with safety regulations when working or driving a bicycle, two-wheeled vehicle or car.
The documentary portrays a person's personality, emphasizing a specific aspect of himself, namely his involvement with improvisational music.
All of this together, in the end, is too much to fit in the packaging of this new range of olive-based products, but having experienced the whole experience up close, every time I use my favorite olive flower fragrance, it will always come to my mind this very different two-day event in Messara, Crete.
The beginning of the week, as well as the whole year so far, undoubtedly belongs to the Brazilian real, our favourite of the emerging market currencies, which even made a dynamic auto race in the wake of the peaceful transfer of power to a moderate as it appears the Lula government.
Finished silicone waterproof calcium carbonate in the form of a paste
It is also possible to construct a single-leaf interlaced label where the frame covers the entire opening and the leaf half the opening dimension.
This sweet wine matures 17 years in a container and 3 years in a bottle creating demand in many countries around the world.
On the other hand, the country is ruled by a bureaucratic social class led by the Communist Party of China (CPC), which oppresses the working class and undermines these gains.
Symptoms range in severity from bloating and discomfort from eating and drinking, to severe - painful spasm - abdominal pain, which tends to spread throughout the abdomen.
If it is still, cover the sharp part with a soft candle, cotton, sterile film, or even gum.
Nearby, a neighbor waves his hand as he carves a small field from which he will get cucumbers, lentils, peas, pulses, raisins, and onions.
The Greco-German Education visited us and helped to make baked goods for our market.
The presentation of the educational activity and the transmission of Greek education to a coexistence of nationalities took place.
In fact, maintaining an optimal microclimate on a threshold is not an easy task, although it may not seem so at first glance.
It was built along with the high bell tower in 1795 by the merchant Haji-Manto Gini.
This is a first-person horror-themed search that also tells the story of a young girl who works as a cook on Christmas Eve.
An unexpected twist offers Greg the coveted companion and leaves Rowley to keep the flashlight.
In the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, trust is everything.
Their large, oval-shaped eyes must combine in harmony with their fur to be recognized as Persian.
This stabilizing powder has been specifically designed to remain invisible to the skin with the most advanced analyses in today's media.
The ultimate friendship of the light was unraveling, drawing contrary darkness into absolute selfishness.
Of a lamb's femur or of a lamb's hand with bone, cut into pieces, seasoned with onions, garlic, lettuce, pepper, oil, salt and pepper, with pieces of headgear, wrapped in oil.
The last farewell will be said today by those who loved the Panther Panther.
With the tool you can see all the decorations of our flooring products either in the provided room photos or even in your own room.
As soon as the first information was crossed, Angelina Nicole informed her daughter and sister who were in the studio to come to the scene, along with the reporter of the show.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea League is popular in the country and its games are often broadcast on television.[201] The national team, Cholima, participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, where they lost all their matches to Brazil, Portugal and Ivory Coast.[232] Its 1966 appearance was much more successful, when it surprised Italy 1-0 and lost the semi-finals to Portugal 3-5, although North Korea had led 3-0 at the start.[233] A national team represented the country in international tournaments.
(a) What verse sets Psalm 107 apart? (b) What are the so-called Hallel Psalms?
Henderson Island is an uninhabited coral reef in the South Pacific Ocean.
European studies, international policy and diplomacy
Public administration - regional and municipal administration
University management is seen as a key means of supporting the pre-accession preparations of the associated partner countries.
Their role lies in contributing to the programme on the basis of their knowledge and expertise (e.g. project management skills, knowledge and general concepts of structural development acquired through cooperation with EU partners, experience in EU partner networks).
The purpose of the grant is to finance, in part or in full, the costs of implementing the proposed programme activities.
The application must be completed with a typewriter using the form provided.
Medical: short-term specialization courses in various medical specialties including healthcare management
Its procurement specialist will ensure the effectiveness of the point as a means of communication and promotion in the media and as a means of personalizing the company's products and services, both in the short and long term.
The basic fee as well as the fees paid for each type of goods or services above three shall be doubled for collective items.
Printed in Italy Printed on white paper not containing chlorine
Generally less than 1% of adults have tried heroin at least once, but among younger adults in major cities the prevalence of heroin dependence may be much higher than the corresponding national average shows.
Everywhere the rate of cocaine-related crime is low.
Conversely, the risk of death is significantly reduced if no injection is used and if cocktails with high doses of different dependent substances (especially those containing alcohol or inhibitors) are avoided.
Encouraging children and kindergartens to invent new forms of activity by temporarily suspending the use of conventional toys is believed to enhance creativity, imagination and greater contact between children, while avoiding early dependence on objects appears as a basis for subsequent drug prevention.
In the United Kingdom, television soap operas have featured the portrayal of main characters who use heroin.
Since 1996, any doctor can prescribe buprenorphine as an opiate substitute.
However, some individual examples of good practice and many promising innovations have been identified, including the forging of bonds that enable local minority groups to act as gateways to drug services, thus improving accessibility and helping to shape benefits that match the specific needs and traditions of their members.
The study found that both groups had an equal reduction in unsafe behaviour in the use and use of injectable drugs.
Barbiturates and sedatives, depending on whether they have been classified as very harmful without medical uses, harmful but with medical uses and less harmful with significant medical uses.
In pursuit of this goal, a Peruvian drug syndicate was successfully dissolved in 1996, and cooperation with the Mexican authorities led to the arrest of the head of the Gulf cartel.
Heroin is a more potent derivative of morphine, a drug derived from opium, which is derived from the paparazzi.
Another important observation is that the characteristics of workers change.
This methodology serves as a quality control in which the effectiveness of a measure is systematically examined.
The current legal basis for Community transit is the conical Customs Code (CCC), which dates back to 19921.
Then you'd have to show up at the border with the purse and the money in hand to pay cash.
Counterfeiting of rubber stamps proved to be a major problem as it is difficult to verify the stamps.
On this point there were some objections from the Swiss authorities, who, although initially supportive of the machinery organisation, expressed reservations and raised questions. 7 They even went so far as to send a written assessment of this proposal to the delegation of the committee of inquiry in Geneva and Berne.8
Not only will the competent authorities be notified of the fraud earlier, but even if all goes well, the guarantee obligations will remain pending for a much shorter period of time (possibly a few days instead of several months) and the extremely bitter tablet of pending guarantees will be significantly goldened.
This is the basis for the blacklisting of previous convictions.
However, the four main issues discussed in this report are essentially political in that they do not require administrative or technical reforms but political decisions.
In the interests of justice, any immediate amnesty or suspension should be general and at Community level as a whole.
The Commission should include, as an integral part of all proposals for the reform of the transit system, a proposal for the discharge of outstanding debts where it appears that they are due to errors of administration.
It's controlled by the criminal organization and organized crime circuits.
The picture given with the abovementioned graphs shows the entry into force of the single Community market.
Cobalt is not included in Category 44, Annex 2 to the Transit Convention, which concerns products requiring increased safety.
This does not constitute a certainty of consciousness on the part of the customs officers, but is a pattern of reaction, whether conscious or unconscious, in the performance of their duties.
Fortunately, shipping by sea is not, by its very nature, prone to fraud, but nevertheless the debtors in the complaint as the main debtors had to make efforts to convince the customs authorities of the home Member State that the goods had indeed arrived at their destination.
This situation had a direct impact on the premiums claimed by the insurance companies for the carriage of goods.
The methods used today such as, for example, the bureaucracy involved in insurance contracts, IT and administrative controls, customs declarations, international laws and regulations, are all too necessarily reactive with regard to risk management.
This provision would make it possible, for example, for the United Kingdom not to include a rugby match in the Five Nations Tournament, but for France to include it.
This would mean that a British television station broadcasting in encrypted form could buy the broadcasting rights to this race, but nothing could prevent French channels, public or private, from broadcasting the race without encryption.
Let us give a few examples: a train must be able to use another company's network or even not be delayed at some border because of the width of the lines.
The fauna and flora are directly dependent on the balance between drought and flooding.
Special obligations for rum and bananas
Sugar products and substitutes for whole or in part for sugar substitutes, containing cocoa
Its two conceptual axes - fascism and racism - are neither identified nor easily delineated.
However, it would be correct to argue that the far right and, even more so, fascism and Nazism were never able to take root in the political life of the country.
On this confused feeling of discomfort the activism of racist organisations seeks to implant (21X).
As for Latin America, no one ignores the number of former Nazis who took refuge in it.
Zionism has always accepted this definition for the Jew, and the laws of the modern state of Israel recognize as Jewish a person who embraced Judaism and as non-Jew a person who was converted from Judaism.
In the photo above, precision shredding using laser beams.
In May 1986, the Chernobyl disaster caused a stir in public opinion.
German mark Dutch florin Lira sterling
On 1 January 1984, import taxes on the collection of optical lasers were increased from 9.5% to 19%, with the abolition of import taxes on the production of magnetic tape.
It should be noted that the Commission has recently imposed a fine record of 10.
The Community examined the possibility of improving the efficiency of the five excise duties applicable to all products: processed sugar beets, alcoholic beverages, fermented beverages and minerals.
- the one-off reinforcement of that hectare or according to the quantities produced.
For the transport of passengers by bus and coach, the Community laid down certain rules and achieved a certain degree of liberalization (Councils 117/66, 516/72, 1172/72, 2442/72, 517/72, which concerned partly rapid and partly emergency transport).
The total amount of this appropriation is DEM 215 million (about DEM 5 per electorate).
In the case of electronic voting, each Member may vote validly only using his or her personal voting card from the position assigned to him or her in the meeting room.
Subsequently, the European Parliament discussed the Green Paper and on 10 October 1985 adopted two resolutions which significantly influenced the Commission's draft directive on the television receiver without borders.
The elimination of lead in petrol has a dual purpose: to rid the atmosphere of the lead contained in petrol and to allow cars to be equipped with an oxidation-reducing exhaust catalyst.
According to a 1982 survey of EEC citizens on environmental pollution, noise is the second most important problem in this area.
A national park (4 km2) is not yet accessible to the public.
The further reduction requested by Parliament has already been proposed by the Commission: by 1990 insecticides should be reduced to 90%, the reference volume being the 200,211 tonnes used in 1976.
German mark Dutch florin Lira sterling Danish crown French franc Italian lira Irish pound Spanish drachma Spanish banknotes
Excessive use of the suitability test shall not be allowed.
He was ordained in 1946 and is a protestant priest, writer, editor and publisher.
President of the French Federation of Catholic Students (1958-1959), general secretary of the world event of the University Theatre of Nancy (1966-1967).
There have also been two deaths of asylum seeking Africans: a murder in September 1987 (the racist motive was never proven) and the death, on 14 January 1987, of an asylum-seeker who was forced to board a plane bound for Zaire with 2 police officers.
They also complain that they are not granted loans by publicly controlled banks, that they are not issued driver's licenses and that they are seldom granted a licence to drive a tractor (s).
It was only after the bombing of the migrant hostel in Nicea in December 1988* that the prime minister decided to set up an interministerial bureau to coordinate the campaign against racist violence.
A journalist who offered to help them entered the two centers wearing a necklace and a blouse.
They were working on a temporary basis with a tourist visa to enter many Western European countries.
However, as some of the most important Member States of the Council have expressed their opposition to the signing of this agreement, the text has been shelved and somehow overtaken by the
19. believes that snowboarders involved in cross-country skiing should follow appropriate guidelines and recommendations regarding their route and protected habitats;
As in the case of the cooperation procedure introduced by the Single European Act, Parliament should necessarily use its first reading in the context of the co-decision procedure to express its overall position.
Although an improved draft (from Parliament's point of view) had been drawn up by the end of September, the text, at the Council Conclusion of 12-13 November, almost completely reverted to the form it had on 26 August.
The European Union, the largest democratic and peaceful union of states and the leading economic power on a global scale, is an increasingly attractive attraction in a world without reference points.
General information publishing institutions, producing the provision of official publications for searching for information, supplying maps, pointers, etc. qualified staff who provide more information, projections and magnetic orientation of qualified queries to a list of all sources.
Regional planning director (Madera, 1980-1989). d Member of the National Assembly (1965-1968). d Author of several works on agricultural botany and insectology, as well as works on agricultural economics.
However, there are differences in what can be regarded as maladministration.
The register must once again collect the value added tax and cannot deduct the tax advances so that we have a gap in the system.
Subject: Passport checks at Brussels airport
Subject: Military exchanges with the Turkish junta
Others, on the contrary, say we are proposing housing for pensioners.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report and for his excellent report.
My kind of society is incomprehensible and I can't deal with it because I don't understand it.
Thirdly, the environmental fight is an important aspect of the social struggle of workers and farmers.
For years, this regime has been undermined by the United States.
And once again, I would like to reiterate that the dairy diet is a good product, but it should only be used where it is not possible to provide breast milk.
Children's food should not be confused with a bottle of alcohol or a firearm.
In Germany and the Netherlands, these products are sold in supermarkets and advertising is permitted.
In order to facilitate the application of these conditions, citizens of the Member States may bring a green disc with a minimum diameter of 8 cm to the front of their car window.
And here's a copy of the passport.
Not to support programmes that the apartheid regime is reasonably expected to be able to cover (e.g. healthcare, social welfare) under its programmes.
Not even a ton of lignite is exported from our country.
The Member States who are willing to sacrifice their lives to uphold the unacceptable agricultural regulations are now blaming the dollar for this EEC curtain.
They make up a complete list and we have to accept all the dishes because none of them sell on their own.
Chloroform and tetrachloride have recently begun to occupy us.
One tonne of plutonium is believed to have been accumulated as an ore at the bottom of the Irish Sea at a time when doctors have stated that one pound of plutonium could cause the death of every living organism on our planet.
When the child is cold and comes out, his parents put a stitch over it so that he does not get sick.
However, products containing asbestos are covered by Community legislation.
It also teaches us that there is now a need for sincerity and international cooperation through all political values and social systems.
For example, the radio detector is an invention that was the result of military investigations.
More generally, the technical solutions offered by the international financial community merely avoided a financial collapse affecting all interested parties.
In the face of danger, he displayed the courage and tenacity that gave him in the eyes of all the dignity of a great politician.
For this reason, the statistical indicator should be uniform for all regions.
In the field of small hydroelectric power stations, ladies and gentlemen, we believe that the minimum limit of three megawatts in the Community should be increased to five megawatts.
We can hope, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, now that Greece has become part of this Community, that the Greek Channel is not so far away.
He has not the courage to name the internationally fatal turmoil brought about by communism in South Africa.
We expect New Zealand to comply with the minimum prices for butter.
In this way, the chancellor proved that Germany belongs unconditionally to the Western Alliance.
We are approaching, if you will, the great meeting of Europe.
The report now shows a hysteria which is not available to Parliament.
It is also the international division of labour which has historically been created by capitalism and which has condemned the countries of the South to monoculture, to the extraction of raw materials, to the industrial delay.
They no longer want, as one of the greatest poets of the Third World says, to dance the dance of death at the greetings of others.
And in Europe, in many governments, selfishness has prevailed over a willingness for honest dialogue.
This original directive set the limits for the same lifting mechanisms at 102 decibels first and later at 100 decibels.
The realization of the Channel Tunnel seems to be dominated by conflict and this is certainly not a good example.
So, provided that nuclear power is constantly used as a raw material, it's significantly cheaper per kilowatt than coal.
As you know, iodine builds up in the thyroid gland, breaks down faster than it is excreted, and is therefore particularly dangerous.
We do not want to write unnecessary letters to the presidency and we would like an answer.
And emergency braking always means heavy crashes.
In the videotape he left, he says: "I decided to protest for all the farmers of Greece.
A flower on the collar of the jacket, of course, is beautifully adorned, but it does not replace a lawn.
But what is worse is that both the Executive Committee and the Council are pursuing this policy, not as a means of clearing the market and supporting agricultural incomes, but as a platform for political and economic balances.
They are trying to deceive themselves as well as us, Mr President, that one can negotiate a balanced multilateral nuclear disarmament even when he has delivered all his nuclear weapons before it has even begun.
The millions of peace marchers, the so-called naives, those who believed that the mad arms race should be stopped, they will be justified.
We agree with the idea of not cutting off the gas and electricity in the winter.
Such an economic system, in which economics and environmentalism are harmonized, can only be developed within a liberal framework.
The problem is that the history that's being taught in Turkey is like those Stalinist photographs where it's left over because a face has been erased.
You don't expect me, I guess, to pull the long list of
Sexism can only be fought if we call it by its name.
So basically this is the same pineapple that we've added spices to make it more delicious.
Regulation on the processing and marketing of wines of Community origin; and
So one day we'll meet an Azorean vodka, Greek champagne or Danish muscat.
This is what the Louvre Agreement is based on, and it was decided that monetary stability would be enforced through monetary and economic measures.
He lived it himself, and very well indeed, and still lives it in the lap of many of his brothers.
It was rightly pointed out years ago that the microprocessor will act like yeasts in the yeast of the social product.
The idea that the chip would cause the disappearance of many existing jobs has proved wrong, given the overall economic developments.
She was arrested for some act of foolish behavior that normally should have been dealt with with with a joke and the whole story forgotten.
For more information, I would add that this post is signed by the National Front.
Subject: Strategy to combat pollution of the environment by cadmium
However, since then a real Eastern market has begun and the various national governments are competing to outperform each other in the supply of subsidies and concessions, tax exemptions and
I wish you all happy and happy New Year 1988.
But it would be a great mistake to remain in this situation and to look satisfactorily at what is happening: the pot may not explode, but it is possible that it will overflow.
Thus, these solvents are used in non-caffeinated coffee, from which caffeine is extracted exactly with the solvents.
As far as youth opera is concerned, a report is already being prepared by the Committee on Youth, Culture, Education, Information and Sport.
(The speaker repeats his clarinet and plays, this time very correctly, the beginning of the European anthem)
In my country the music school includes many buildings that are concentrated in a particular area of Dublin, where the children who learn violin and piano are forced to cross the city from one end to the other.
I believe that we, the European Parliament, have contributed more to this farce and I will give only one example.
It fits comfortably in his chest pocket, backpack, and back pocket of his pants.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent report.
Is it not uncommon for the Commission to identify capital groups according to the religion of one of the managers ?
And there are other communities that are often still perpetuated.
A cough syrup, a drug, suddenly proved to be a means of accelerating growth, and it's been used for a long time.
The pilot is killed and the event continues.
My parents thought one day they'd add chocolate to this broth to improve its taste and make it sweeter.
From that moment on, I had no difficulty when my parents offered me what they called chocolate soups.
Grilled meat is something that is used throughout Europe, from sausages to sausages and from sausages to meat pies.
Conclusion: at the same time as it closes a window that allows exports from one country, it opens another to another.
Nevertheless, they did not give up their positions, which I very much appreciate.
The problem is therefore to maintain this pluralism of cultures and the ways in which these cultures express themselves.
The Commission has requested amendments to the Japanese veterinary legislation in order to exempt imports of Parmas ham into Japan.
Milk produced in Denmark contains on average only 50% sugar, which ensures a nutritionally better product.
Today, the entire earth, with its five continents, is offered to him, and he looks at it sitting in his chair.
Film and television are an important and powerful source of information about the way of life, customs and customs of other countries.
It's boring because we didn't have big fights, it's boring because we didn't have the established bagel buns and the cold coffee in the early morning hours.
It's not an ideological exaggeration that Arabs are being thrown out of train doors!
In other words, a cultural expansion aimed at the Union.
We find, for example, a service that delivers croissant from house to house.
87/178 on hospital examination and information of women on oral medicinal products.
At one European Council we discussed whether or not to include coal in the products covered by the sanctions regime.
For its part, the Commission has begun an examination of the market sector in order to decide what action should be taken at Community level.
We are not out of the blue thinking that we must do everything ourselves, but we are consciously seeking the abolition of these internal frontiers.
This is our flag, and this is the banner of today's Germany.
It's been 200 years since the carnival stopped working.
Here's who the U.S. friends with.
Importation of Certain Fleece Species Fails to mention 5/6 of the animals hunted for their fur and for which trapping mechanisms are commonly used in Canada, namely, the cowhide, squirrel, raccoon, wild bison, herring, fox, rabbit, pecan (Canadian rabbit)
Its main tactic is to put the French overseas departments at the mercy of the 1993 single market.
The Commissioner says that from this reserve of funds, which is very small, there is in principle the idea of giving something, at the request of the Greek Government, to be studied.
These cuts relate to the Ahelos, the motorways (Athens-Thess/Nike, Yule and Athens, Corinth and Patras), the underground railway of Athens, the airport at Spata and the Rio-Andirio link.
As the honourable Member will recall, cod was the main type of fishery referred to both by the agreement between Portugal and Canada and by the Community and Canada.
The problem is that this increase in income which the Commission finds is only an average increase.
In Portugal, a terrible scandal recently broke out because illiterate engineers on trains were filling out applications to attend Social Fund vocational training courses.
I think this is a first for the House.
The gentle Gorbachev threw away his body.
I would like to know from you, Mr President, who is this man in your office who is carrying out such a vendetta against my political party to put us six one by one last on the list.
The occupations in various ways showed that their motivation was religious fanaticism and intolerance.
The Commission has today been condemned as the mastermind of the system.
Subject: The danger of converting the church of St. Sophia in Istanbul into a mosque
It is time to react and rely on the principle of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and, while always respecting, of course, these freedoms completely and absolutely, to establish that in our countries, in our Europe, revisionism should no longer be regarded as a mere opinion but as an offense.
Because we are not allowed to impose on them our own ideas of development, even though there is a trend at some points in the report, but to allow them to outline their own scale of needs.
In this debate, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we must speak frankly.
It is, of course, possible to overturn a pyramid and put its top down, but this balance does not last long.
As a longtime friend of Israel and an opponent of the right now in power in that country, I have told the European Parliament and all those who wanted to hear me that I reject this analogy.
The reports we are discussing here today, which deserve our full support, although they are characterized by some exaggeration of anthropological purity or by some degree of injustice to the position of the new Brazilian government on this issue, have given us an opportunity to put our finger on the wound and move deeper into the spear of our thinking.
The sculpture is undoubtedly, clearly anti-Semitic.
This will only be achieved if measures are taken to make European subsidiarity a reality and not a curtain in the hands of European Jacobinists.
In this game of poker, the Community has opened up all its cards when others are hiding theirs.
Smoked tobacco and tobacco are products with a long tradition of manufacture and use in Europe.
I can assure you that, as the honourable Member mentioned, the United States Government has formally announced its intention to take measures against the European Community by raising tariffs on several products of the European Community which will be imported into the United States of America after 1 January if the Community refuses to offer special access to the United States of America's maize and sorghum on the Spanish and Portuguese markets.
14 on the weekly holidays in the industrial sector.
However, it should be noted that the product in question is tomato paste (with a tomato mass content of more than 12%) and not tomato paste containing more tomato juice.
The proposal for a Council Directive amending Directive 89/622/EEC on the labelling of tobacco products provides for a complete ban on snuff-injected snuff because snuff-injected snuff is a new highly carcinogenic tobacco product that causes nicotine addiction and is particularly targeted at young people.
It is not possible to reform the harp glue, I repeat, as in the case of violations of beef.
In the same newspaper there's a news story from your hometown of Essen.
We'd like to see this unassuming thigh wear the coat of arms of the shoeless cat.
It besieges the fortress of the rich, which, driven by hunger and despair, turns to violence.
And I confess that every time I notice an incident like this, my appetite goes down.
Lenin said that socialism is the Soviets for electricity.
Mr. Bush also said he was proud of his victory, because he managed to bring the emir to Kuwait with his harem and tyrannical regime.
It's enough for an 18-year-old young man to break his leg or have a sprain to end his career.
Palestinian women and Israeli women, please!
However, I should like to point out that a distinction should be made between the granting of licences and the fixing of ceilings: the only limit set by the Community for salmon fishing is for catches in the Baltic Sea.
The aid granted to them for exports must also enable them to undo their external debt, which has so far paralyzed their economic growth.
We like this bureaucracy that doesn't want to restrict our horizons only to the commercial realm.
And I can assure you that when you ride a bike in Beijing, you hear things that are very different from what the official authorities are saying.
I haven't gotten a penny from any of these industries.
It was at the same time a protest cry against the cold, cold and unconscious technocracy of the Eurocrats for whom the farmer is nothing more than a stick in their sleeve.
It is not democratic for a citizen to have to hire a private police investigator to find out who is responsible and for what decision in the European Community.
It has been widely denied that the dispute could have ended without further ado if certain Community countries had been willing from the outset to stop the flow of oil to Serbia.
I don't want to be used as a pawn in achieving those goals.
The dramas and the difficult circumstances in which women and children live depend on the political elite of their countries.
If this synergy is not integrated into an association framework, it will seek looser forms of cooperation, which in turn will lead to a directory of major Member States.
One last remark, about the corn silos.
The world is shrinking like a bubble losing its air.
We saw that with the corn and sorghum deals.
Following the first meeting in 1991, the Community amended the previous aid scheme for olive seeds.
Violence is largely due to the power itself, under various variations and branches.
In short, it is about implementing a Soviet system, but a little more sophisticated, and with controls of course.
Today, the Arab has returned to his harem, without democracy having won the slightest.
Explanations of votes were also eradicated in the gulag of the Soviet Union, in Indochina and Cambodia.
Is the Commission in a position to confirm that it will not seek to repeal the regulations on the minimum value in the trade of live horses and mules before a specific directive on the protection of horses is put into effect?
That is why I am organising a test on 8 February 1983 at Strasbourg-Edenheim airport.
Social democracy is destroying France.
The Community is not and should not become a marmalade vessel, otherwise any undertaking at risk will run to Brussels for help.
You will notice, Mr President, that it has a very attractive and stylish pink color.
The creepy dance of death, Mr. President, and the murderous bullshit of the deadly interests of those who are directing the planned annihilation of humanity are very idiotic and very cynical.
I apologize to the Corps for not accompanying me with a little jujuelle.
This is, of course, because all producers have added grain to their crops because of the low price of their other products.
I'm just a cardinal or a bishop or even a junior.
In this large world farm, the same thing is happening: all peoples are, typically, equal.
This situation can be expressed either in relation to the theory of the domino or that of playing cards.
That must be done, otherwise this amendment would be a hole in the water, perhaps a well-established operation.
Don't ask me to bet on an exclusive method.
In Bosnia, but there is also no one who holds a patent for the only right measure, neither moral, political, nor military.
We believe that, for any solution, the urgent problem is to look for the causes, putting the nail in the coffin too deeply into the very structures, the
And its apparent metaphysical roots whether modern man admits it or not.
It is obvious that a diabetic should know the glucose and fructose content of a medicinal product.
It is now known that the weak points of these conductors are essentially two: the one relating to the ramp of the bow and the one relating to the vehicle anchorage.
Any fundamentalism that stifles freedom of expression, wherever it comes from and with whatever motive, cannot go unnoticed.
So we have to see who is going to be the organism that will push this new train train.
When the Saint realized this, he put his cloak on the ground and the hill was lifted up and everyone could see him.
We should be playing Russian roulette and betting, but where the bullet ends up, someone else is betting.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent report.
Secondly, because the problems differ greatly from sector to sector and are not solved simply by giving a candy to a burning farmer.
Some markets have just left their niche and urgently need constructive monitoring for permanent stabilisation.
Secondly, I would like to protest against a Czech report in Parliament's lobby, which is a distortion of history, since it denies the 800 years of positive coexistence of the Czechs with the Germans in the Bohemian states, and the violent expulsion of 3.5 million people from Bosnia and Herzegovina in violation of international law.
But I believe, nevertheless, that the Commission worked too quickly and with too much hinting about the need to finish our work quickly, although it was quite complicated.
But this simulation is not possible because in Italy one can become an assistant professor by competition, while one can become a foreign language lecturer by hiring.
On the other hand, Germany and the countries aligned with the German franc, the French franc, the Belgian franc or the Luxembourg franc and the Austrian coin are unwilling to reach the single currency in a situation of monetary instability, macroeconomic and political deviation.
The Treaty of Euratom, which had been dormant for a long time, came out of the naphthaline and regained its role.
A documentary was shown where you see Chinese female babies -- and you would do the same if they were male -- left to die.
Democracy is not a new coat you wear.