| Repair of footwear | Manufacture of wearing apparel, except footwear 244 | Manufacture of made-up textile goods.
| Business services not elsewhere classifled ex 84 | | Recreation services
| | Food manufacturing industries, except beverage industries | 201 | Slaughtering, preparation and preserving of meat | 202 | Manufacture of dairy products
Frontier traffic in a zone extending on each side of the frontier to a depth of 25 kilometres as the crow flies, provided that the total distance involved does not exceed 50 kilometres as the crow flies.
Carriage of goods in motor vehicles the laden weight of which, including that of trailers, does not exceed 6000 kilogrammes.
This Directive shall not affect national rules concerning natural substances which are used in the manufacture of certain foodstuffs because of their aromatic, rapid or nutritive properties but which also have a subsidiary colouring property, for example paprika, turmeric, saffron and sandal-wood in particular.
the number of colouring matter or matters according to the European Economic Community numbering system given in Annex I;
Except as provided in respect of No E 180, pigment rubine, the use is authorised of the acid itself, of the colouring matter combined with sodium, calcium, potassium and aluminium, whether these combinations are mentioned or not, and of other combinations where stated.
Unless otherwise provided in the specific criteria in Section B the colouring matters referred to in Annex I are required to satisfy the following criteria of purity, quantities and percentages being calculated on the pure colour.
Inorganic impurities (a) They should contain not more than 5 mg/kg of arsenic and not more than 20 mg/kg of lead;
They should not contain cadmium, mercury, selenium, tellurium, thallium, uranium or chromates, or soluble combinations of barium in detectable quantities.
Lumiflavin : Prepare ethanol-free chloroform as follows : Shake 20 ml of chloroform with 20 ml of water gently but carefully for three minutes and allow time to separate.
Finally, filter the chloroform through dry filter paper, shake the filtrate well for five minutes with 5 g of powdered anhydrous sodium sulphate, leave the mixture to settle for two hours, then decant or filter the clear chloroform.
1 % solution of copper chlorophyll complex in turpentine should not be turbid and should not form a sediment.
Tarry products : boil 2 g of carbon black with 20 ml of N sodium hydroxide, then filter.
Chromatography: (a) Annatto : Dissolve a sufficient quantity of Annatto in benzene or dilute a benzene solution of Annatto to obtain a solution of the same colour as a 1 % solution of potassium dichromate.
The bixin cannot be eluted in benzene, light petroleum, ether, chloroform, acetone, etharol or methanol.
But the ethanol and methanol cause the orange tint to turn into an orange yellow.
Carr-Price reaction : Remove the benzene from the column by washing three times with chloroform previously dehydrated by means of potassium carbonate.
Evaporate the filtrate to dryness in a platinum evaporating dish, then heat to a dull red until the weight is constant.
they must contain not more than 50 mg/kg of copper and zinc taken together, of which the zinc content must not be higher than 25 mg/kg, nor must they contain any measurable trace of toxicologically dangerous elements, in particular other heavy metals, always subject however to any exceptions implicit in the specific criteria referred to in subparagraph (b);
approving the pre-export checks carried out by the United States of America on peanuts and derived products thereof as regards the presence of aflatoxins (notified under document number C(2007) 6451)
amending Decision 2003/548/EC as regards the deletion of specific types of leased line from the Minimum Set of Leased Lines (notified under document number C(2007) 6635)
The Commission shall inform the committee established under Article 6 of their exchange of views.
Cyprus, Malta and Turkey, funded by additional appropria- tions in accordance with procedures to be agreed with these countries;
Activities may include a comparison of the effectiveness of processes, methods and tools related to the chosen themes, the mutual transfer and application of good practice, exchanges of personnel, the joint development of products, processes, strategy and methodology, the adaptation to different contexts of the methods, tools and processes identified as good practices and/or the common dissemination of results, visibility materials and events.
Community rules for control of certain processed animal protein into ruminant feed entered into force in July 1994.
The financial framework for the implementation of this programme for the period specified in Article 1 is hereby set at EUR 520 million.
Under the Kyoto Protocol, the Community has accepted the target of reducing its emissions during the period 2008 to 2012 in respect of a series of greenhouse gases by 8 % relative to 1990 levels. The Kyoto Protocol requires the Parties referred to in Annex I to the Protocol to have made demonstrable progress in achieving their commitments by 2005.
For each separate fuel type (e.g. petrol and diesel) Member States will determine the number of new passenger cars which have been registered for the first time within their territory.
between 0,5 and 0,9 cent per minute (at peak rate)
Interconnect charges per minute based on a three minute call duration Basic starting values in cents per minute Prices are exclusive of VAT Exchange rates to euro
10-metre length of each type of strap used in the type of belt.
The rigid items and parts made of plastic of a safety belt must be so located and installed that when a power-driven vehicle is in normal use, they cannot become trapped under a sliding seat or in a door of the vehicle.
The parts of the buckle likely to contact the body of the wearer shall present a section of not less than 20 cm2 and at least 46 mm in width, measured in a plane situated at a maximum distance of 2,5 mm from the contact surface.
Safety belts and/or other restraint systems (*) The item numbers and footnotes used in this information document correspond to those set out in Annex I to Directive 70/156/EEC.
In the context of a procedure for the authorisation of the use of a plant protection product containing the active substance metaflumizone on cucurbits (edible peel), melons, watermelons, broccoli, cauliflower, Chinese cabbage, lettuce and other salad plants, herbs, beans (with pods), peas (with pods), globe artichokes and cotton seed, an application was made in accordance with Article 6(1) of Regulation (EC) No for modification of the existing MRLs.
The Authority concluded in its reasoned opinions that, as regards the use of fenarimol on peaches, grapes, straw­ berries, bananas, tomatoes and watermelons and the use of metaflumizone on melons, watermelons, herbs and salad plants (except lettuce), the submitted data are not sufficient to set new MRLs.
Grapefruit (Shaddocks, pomelos, sweeties, tangelo (except mineola), ugli and other hybrids)
The applicable maximum residue level for horseradish (Armoracia rusticana) in the spice group (code 0840040) is the one set for horseradish (Armoracia rusticana) in the Vegetables category, root and tuber vegetables group (code 0213040) taking into account changes in the levels by processing (drying) according to Art.
Pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No of the European Parliament and of the Council (3) the Commission is to review the modalities of achieving the 95 g CO2/km target by 2020 in a cost-effective manner, including the formulae set out in Annex I to that Regulation and the derogations provided for in Article 11 thereof.
It is appropriate to retain the approach of setting the target based on a linear relationship between the utility of the car and its target CO2 emissions as expressed by the formulae set out in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No , since this allows the diversity of the passenger car market and the ability of manufacturers to address different consumer needs to be maintained, thus avoiding any unjustified distortion of competition.
In its impact assessment, the Commission assessed the availability of footprint data and the use of footprint as the utility parameter in the formulae set out in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No. On the basis of that assessment, the Commission has concluded that the utility parameter used in the formula for 2020 should be mass.
Based on the recommendations of the EGTOP (3), which concluded as regards fertilisers and soil conditioners that the substances biogas digestate, hydrolysed proteins from animal by-product origin, leonardite, chitin and sapropel comply with the organic objectives and principles, those substances should be included in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No for use under certain specific conditions.
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No (5) has deleted the former authorisation for clinoptilo­ lite from Commission Regulation (EC) No (6), has expanded its use as an additive in animal nutrition to all animal species and has changed its code to 1g568.
Not to be applied to edible parts of the crop • the row relating to ‘Products or by-products of animal origin as below’ is replaced by the following:
Copper compounds in the form of: copper hydroxide, copper oxychloride, copper oxide, Bordeaux mixture, and tribasic copper sulphate Only uses as bactericide and fungicide up to 6 kg copper per ha per year.
Degreening bananas, kiwis and kakis; degreening of citrus fruit only as part of a strategy for the prevention of fruit fly damage in citrus; flower induction of pineapple; sprouting inhibition in potatoes and onions.
Entry 12 of Annex V to Regulation (EC) No specifies a maximum concentration of 0,4 % for single ester and 0,8 % for mixtures of esters in relation to the use of parabens as preservatives in cosmetic products, under the denomination 4-hydroxybenzoic acid and its salts and esters.
The SCCS adopted an opinion on parabens in December 2010 (5), followed by a clarification of October 2011 (6) in response to a unilateral decision by Denmark to ban propylparaben and butylparaben, their isoforms and their salts in cosmetic products for children under three years of age based on their potential endocrine activity, taken in accordance with Article 12 of Council Directive 76/768/EEC (7).
variety shall be accepted for certification only if it has been established by official or officially controlled examinations, particularly growing trials, carried out for two successive years and in the case of rye and open-pollinated maize for three successive years, that: (a) in the case of oats, barley, rice, wheat and spelt, the variety is sufficiently uniform and stable; the list shall indicate the main morphological or physiological characters by which the variety can be identified;
The Commission may by decision impose on undertakings or associations of undertakings fines of from one thousand to one million units of account, or a sum in excess thereof but not exceeding 10 % of the turnover in the preceding business year of each of the undertakings participating in the infringement, where either intentionally or negligently: (a) they infringe Article 2 or Article 8; or
(b) exceptionally, in the case of tanks with a very complicated shape which cannot be calibrated by transfer: ± 5/1000 of the capacity indicated. The results of the calibration operations shall be recorded in a calibration certificate which is accompanied by digrams and tables showing, in particular, the volume of liquid, expressed in litres or cubic decimetres or cubic metres, which is in the tank when the level of the free surface of the liquid is at a given height, expressed in centimetres or decimetres, on the vertical face of the measure of length.
an indication of the tanks in which there are drainage sumps or heaters; (j) the total capacity;
GAS PIPELINES WITH AN INSTALLED OR PLANNED CAPACITY OF NOT LESS THAN 1000 MILLION M3 PER YEAR;
FOR PRODUCTS SPECIFIED IN ANNEX I ( 1 ) UNDER HEADINGS 1.10 , 1.11 , 1.12 , 1.13 , 1.16 , 1.17 , 1.21 AND 1.22 , AN INDICATION OF THE TOTAL DRY COCOA CONTENT BY THE DECLARATION   COCOA SOLIDS... % MINIMUM  ;
LAYING DOWN LESS STRINGENT REGULATIONS ON LABELLING IN THE RETAIL SALE OF FANCY PRODUCTS SUCH AS FIGURINES , CIGARETTES , EGGS AND LOOSE CHOCOLATES; IN SUCH CASES THE PROVISIONS MAY ONLY REQUIRE THE PLACING OF A NOTICE NEAR THE DISPLAYED PRODUCT;
PROVIDED THAT THE CHOCOLATE PRODUCTS CONSTITUTE AT LEAST 25 % OF THE TOTAL WEIGHT OF THE PRODUCT.
CRYSTALLIZED GLUCOSE ( DEXTROSE ) , FRUCTOSE , LACTOSE OR MALTOSE AMOUNTING TO A TOTAL OF 5 % OF THE TOTAL WEIGHT OF THE PRODUCT , WITHOUT IT BEING NECESSARY FOR THIS TO BE STATED;
WHERE ETHYL VANILLIN IS EMPLOYED , BY THE STATEMENT   WITH ETHYL VANILLIN   OR   ETHYL VANILLIN FLAVOUR  . THE NAME OF THE PRODUCT SHALL BE ACCOMPANIED BY A DECLARATION OF THIS ADDITION AND ITS PERCETAGE , EXCEPT WHEN LECITHIN IS ADDED TO THE VARIOUS KINDS OF CHOCOLATE REFERRED TO UNDER HEADINGS 1.16 TO 1.28.
COFFEE AND SPIRITS , WHEN THE AMOUNT OF EACH OF THESE SUBSTANCES IS LESS THAN 1 % OF THE TOTAL WEIGHT OF THE FINISHED PRODUCT;
However, until expiry of the transitional period during which the use of the imperial units of measurement shown in Chapters C and D of the Annex to Council Directive 71/354/EEC of 18 October 1971 relating to units of measurement (1), as last amended by Directive 76/770/EEC (2), is authorized within the Community, distances may be expressed in yards or miles in the United Kingdom or Ireland if those countries so desire,
With distance-based drive, the range of permissible errors for a given distance travelled must not exceed: (a) for the initial distance (3.1.3) : 2 % of the true value; however, for initial distances of less than 1 000 metres, a range of 20 metres is acceptable;
Whereas common requirements concerning other elements and characteristics of the roll-over protection structure, in particular those concerning the dimensions, doors, safety glass, devices to prevent continuous rolling if the tractor overturns, and protection of passengers, will be laid down at a later date;
For the tests the tractor must be fitted with all structural components of the series production which may influence the strength of the protection structure or which may be necessary for the strength test. Components which may create a hazard in the zone of clearance must also be fitted so that they may be examined to see whether the requirements of section 4 have been fulfilled. Tractor mass The reference mass mt, used in the formulae (see Annex III) to calculate the energies and the crushing force, shall be at least that defined in section 2.4 of Annex I to Council Directive 74/150/EEC (i.e. excluding optional accessories but including coolant, oils, fuel, tools and driver) plus the protection structure and less 75 kg.
parallel planes extending from the upper edge of plane 2.2.1 to a maximum height of 900 mm above the seat reference point and inclined in such a way that the upper edge of the plane on the side from which the side loading is applied is at least 100 mm from the reference plane;
This horizontal plane cuts the lower surface of the seat pan board 150 mm in front of the abovementioned tangent.
Tamp down to obtain a homogeneous layer and place a wad of cotton wool or glass wool on the top of layer B.
The flow rate of the diethyl ether and the chloroform under conditions of natural flow should be between 1.5 and 3 ml/min.
Avoiding error from chloroform evaporation, measure the absorbance of the solution of caffeine in chloroform (6.3) using silica cells (5.3), against chloroform (4.7) at 276 nm (absorption maximum).
In this case, take into account the dilution factor; the appropriate factors of the formulae in 7.1 will have to be adjusted accordingly.
Interferences from heavy metals, oxides of nitrogen, ozone and reduced sulphur compounds (e.g. hydrogen sulphide and mercaptanes) are eliminated or minimized.
Sulphuric acid and sulphates do not interfere.
Dissolve 10 79 g of mercury (II) chloride, 4 77 g of sodium chloride and 0 707 g of ethylendiamine tetracetic acid disodium salt (EDTA) in water and dilute to 1 litre.
The amount of EDTA added eliminates possible interferences from heavy metals up to 60 ¶g of iron (III), 10 ¶g of manganese (II), 10 ¶g of chromium (III), 10 ¶g of copper (II) and 22 ¶g of vanadium (V) in 10 ml of absorbing solution.
Pipet 20 ml of the pararosaniline hydrochloride stock solution (4.4) and 25 ml of phosphoric acid (4.5) into a 250 ml volumetric flask and make up to the mark with water.
When measuring the absorbance use the same cell for samples and standard solutions.
If more than one cell is used, the cells must be spectrophotometrically matched.
Samples must be left for at least 20 minutes after sampling to allow trapped ozone to decompose.
Add 1 ml of the sulphamic acid solution (4.8) to each flask and allow to react for 10 minutes to destroy the nitrate from oxides of nitrogen.
Then accurately pipet 2 ml of the formaldehyde solution (4.7) and 5 ml of the pararosaniline reagent (4.6) into the flasks.
Do not let the coloured solution remain in the cell as a film of dye will then be deposited on the walls.
Measure the absorbances with distilled water in the reference cell.
Plot the absorbances of the solutions (as ordinates) against the microgrammes of sulphur dioxide calculated according to Annex B. A linear relationship is obtained.
Add 25 ml of water to a 500 ml flask and pipet 50 ml of the iodine solution (B.1.2) into the flask (here designated flask A/blank).
When the collected volume reaches approximately 40 litres, add in the following order, while stirring by means of air bubbling through the solution, a volume of sodium hydroxide solution (C.1.1) sufficient for neutralizing followed by 400 ml more.
Wash the precipitate with distilled water to remove excess sodium hydroxide and the sodium chloride formed.
Dissolve the precipitate in 70 ml of methanol heated to boiling and finally add 300 ml of water at 80 ºC.
Mills and grinders likely to appreciably heat the sample should not be used.
Thyrsites atun Trichiurus lepturus Lepidopus caudatus Trichiuridae Scomber japonicus Rastrelliger kanagurta Rastrelliger spp.
Whereas the study carried out by the Commission demonstrates that it is possible to reduce the maximum methyl alcohol content to levels similar to those laid down for fruit spirits in Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89 although such a reduction would be difficult, particularly for small distilleries which do not have adequate technical and financial resources to comply quickly with a maximum limit fixed at a lower level ; whereas it would be advisable for health reasons to reduce the methyl alcohol content of all fruit spirits to the lowest possible levels; whereas it is therefore proposed to introduce gradually and in stages a new maximum limit for the methyl alcohol content of the fruit spirits listed in Article 6 of Regulation (EEC) No 1014/90;
1 350 grams per hectolitre of alcohol at 100 % volume, from 1 January 1998, and
the risk posed by inorganic fluoride through contaminated products, such as flour and bran that remained in the mill machinery during fumigation, or grain stored in silos in the mill.
FTP, International Code for Application of Fire Test Procedures.
Having regard to Regulation (EC) No of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 establishing a common authorisation procedure for food additives, food enzymes and food flavourings (2), and in particular Article 7(5) thereof,
only energy-reduced soft confectionery (chewy candies, fruit gums and foam sugar products/marshmal­ lows)
Directive 2000/69/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2000 relating to limit values for benzene and carbon monoxide in ambient air45 lays down limit values to be met on a certain target date.
Directive 2002/3/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 February 2002 relating to ozone in ambient air46 lays down target values, long-term objectives, information and alert 43 OJ L 163, , p.
The tables provide information such as fixed codes that are not to be changed by the Member State.
If more than one zone is concerned, the codes should be separated by a semicolon.
Total non-methane hydrocarbons Notes to Form 5:
Lumped sum NMHC: automated semi-continuous monitoring, after chromatographic separation of NMHC from methane; FID M6
Form 13 Individual exceedences of ozone thresholds (2002/3/EC, Article 10(2b) and Annex III)
In accordance with the first subparagraph of Article 5(5) of Directive 2002/96/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 January 2003 on waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) (1), Member States are to ensure that by 31 December 2006 at the latest a rate of separate collection of at least four kilograms on average per inhabitant per year of waste electrical and elec- tronic equipment from private households is achieved.
Directive 2002/95/EC prohibits the use of lead and cadmium in electrical and electronic equipment put on the market after 1 July 2006.
The substitution of cadmium in photoresistors for analogue optocouplers applied in professional audio equipment is still technically impracticable.
Mass Balance Approach for Carbon Black Production and Gas Processing Terminals 1
During calcination in the kiln, CO2 from carbonates is released from the raw materials.
Calcination CO2 is directly linked with the lime, dolime or magnesia production.
On an installation level, calcination CO2 can be calculated in two ways: based on the amount of calcium and magnesium carbonate from the raw material (mainly limestone, dolomite and magnesite) converted in the process (calculation method A), or based on the amount of calcium and magnesium oxides in the products (calculation method B).
under subsection 2.1.2, Calculation method B: Alkali Earth Oxides is replaced by the following: ‘CO2 emissions arise from the calcination of carbonates and shall be calculated based on the amounts of CaO and MgO contents in the lime, dolime or magnesia produced.
Already calcined Ca and Mg entering the kiln, for instance through fly ash or fuels and raw materials with a relevant CaO or MgO content, as well as other magnesium bearing minerals than carbonates shall be considered appropriately by means of the conversion factor.
Activity-specific guidelines for the production of soda ash and sodium bicarbonate as listed in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC
As soda ash and sodium bicarbonate contain carbon stemming from the process inputs, the calculation of process emissions shall be based on a mass balance approach pursuant to Section 2.1.1.
BOUNDARIES AND COMPLETENESS The activity-specific guidelines contained in this Annex shall be used to monitor emissions from installations producing ammonia as listed in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC.
In installations for the production of ammonia, CO2 emissions result from the following emission sources and source streams: combustion of fuels supplying the heat for reforming or partial oxidation,
raw materials (e.g. calcination of limestone, dolomite, and carbon containing metal ores and concentrates),
For carbonates, use of stoichiometric ratios given in the following Table:
These values shall be adjusted for the respective moisture and gangue content of the applied carbonate material.
Quality standards for nitrates, plant protection products and biocides should be set as Community criteria for the assessment of the chemical status of bodies of groundwater, and consistency should be ensured with Council Directive 91/676/EEC of 12 December 1991 concerning the protec- tion of waters against pollution caused by nitrates from agricultural sources (6), Council Directive 91/414/EEC of 15 July 1991 concerning the placing of plant protection products on the market (7), and Directive 98/8/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 February 1998 concerning the placing of biocidal products on the market (8), respectively.
the determination of threshold values should be supported by a control mechanism for the data collected, based on an evaluation of data quality, analytical considerations, and background levels for substances which may occur both naturally and as a result of human activities.
With regard to saline concentrations resulting from human activities, Member States may decide to establish threshold values either for sulphate and chloride or for conductivity.
addition to numerical information, information on vitamins and minerals shown in Annex V, expressed as a percentage of the reference values given therein, per 100 g or 100 ml of the product as sold, and where appropriate, per specified quantity of the product as proposed for consumption, provided that the quantities present are at least equal to 15 % of the reference values.
The chemical index of the added protein shall be equal to at least 80 % of that of the reference protein (casein as defined in Annex III), or the protein efficiency ratio (PER) of the protein in the mixture shall be equal to at least 70 % of that of the reference protein.
the amount of added carbohydrates from these sources shall not exceed 1,8 g/100 kJ (7,5 g/100 kcal), • the amount of added fructose shall not exceed 0,9 g/100 kJ (3,75 g/100 kcal).
sodium salts may only be added to processed cereal-based foods for technological purposes, • the sodium content of processed cereal-based foods shall not exceed 25 mg/100 kJ (100 mg/100 kcal).
If the product is designated on the label as a meal, but does not mention meat, poultry, fish, offal or other traditional source of protein in the name of the product, the total protein in the product from all sources shall not be less than 0,7 g/100 kJ (3 g/100 kcal).
The addition of amino acids shall be permitted solely for the purpose of improving the nutritional value of the protein present, and only in the proportions necessary for that purpose.
The quantities of total carbohydrates present in fruit and vegetable juices and nectars, fruit-only dishes, and desserts or puddings shall not exceed:
Sodium salts may not be added to products based on fruit, nor to desserts, puddings except for technological purposes.
If corrective lenses are used to attain the values of 0,8 and 0,5, the uncorrected acuity in each eye must reach 0,05, or else the minimum acuity (0,8 and 0,5) must be achieved either by correction by means of glasses with a power not exceeding plus or minus 8 diop- tres or with the aid of contact lenses (uncorrected vision = 0,05).
The presence of dioxin in the raw kaolinitic clay should therefore be restricted to the lowest possible level.
Solubility tests Insoluble in water, freely soluble in ethanol, miscible in ether • Spectrophotometry In absolute ethanol the maximum absorption is about 292 nm Purity
It contains D-glucose and D-mannose as the dominant hexose units, along with D-glucuronic acid and pyruvic acid, and is prepared as the sodium, potassium or calcium salt.
Total plate count Not more than 5 000 colonies per gram Yeast and mould Not more than 300 colonies per gram E. coli Absent in 5 g
Definition Ethyl cellulose is cellulose obtained directly from fibrous plant material and partially etherified with ethyl groups Chemical names Ethyl ether of cellulose
Definition Aluminium silicate hydrous (kaolin) is a purified white plastic clay composed of kaolinite, potassium aluminium silicate, feldspar and quartz.
Relating to the substances and preparations for the preservation of wood: these may only be used in industrial installations using vacuum or pressure to impregnate wood if they are solutions of inorganic compounds of the copper, chromium, arsenic (CCA) type C and if they are authorised in accordance with Article 5(1) of Directive 98/8/EC. Wood so treated shall not be placed on the market before fixation of the preservative is completed.
There has been new scientific advice as regards the minimum level of manganese in foods intended for infants.
Only protein isolates from soya shall be used in manufacturing these infant formulae.
In all cases, amino acids may be added to infant formulae solely for the purpose of improving the nutritional value of the proteins, and only in the proportions necessary for that purpose.
The calcium:phosphorus ratio shall not be less than 1 nor greater than 2.
Sodium selenite Amino acids and other nitrogen compounds L-cystine and its hydrochloride
The infant formulae administered orally must not induce sensitisation, in animals, to the intact proteins from which the infant formulae are manufactured.
Demineralised sweet whey protein derived from cows’ milk after enzymatic precipitation of caseins using chymosin, consisting of:
OJ L 338, 12.12.2012, p. EN Official Journal of the European Union L 291/17
d.o.o., submitted pursuant to Article 14(1)(a) of Regulation (EC) No , the Authority was required to deliver an opinion on a health claim related to the effects of barley beta-glucans on lowering of blood cholesterol and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease (Question No EFSA-Q-9) (4).
Barley beta-glucan has been shown to lower/reduce blood cholesterol.
Jam, jellies and marmalades and sweetened chestnut puree as defined by Directive 2001/113/EC
That food additive has subsequently been authorised on the basis of specific uses and has been allocated the number E 964 by Commission Regulation (EU) No of 8 November 2012 amending Annex II to Regulation (EC) No of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to the use of polyglycitol syrup in several food categories (5).
Codex Alimentarius established only a maximum level for aflatoxin total due to the wide variation observed in the ratio between aflatoxin B1 and aflatoxin total, caused by several factors (crop year, variety, weather).
Dangerous substances in the final product • For shoes made of leather, there shall be no Chromium VI in the final product.
For air conditioning systems the maintenance (check for leakage and repair) has to be carried out according to Regulation (EC) No 842/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council (2), in line with the amount of F (fluorinated green­ house) gas contained in the application, as follows:
at least once every 12 months for applications containing 3 kg or more of F gases (this shall not apply to equipment with hermetically sealed systems, which are labelled as such and contain less than 6 kg of fluorinated greenhouse gases), • at least once every six months for applications containing 30 kg or more of F gases, • at least once every three months for applications containing 300 kg or more of F gases.
The campsite shall have procedures for collecting and monitoring data on consumption of chemicals expressed in kg and/or litres specifying if the product is concentrated or not and the quantity of waste produced (litres and/or kg of unsorted waste).
At least 95 % of WCs shall consume 6 litres per full flush or less.
All showers in sanitary facilities/common areas shall have a timing/proximity device which interrupts water flow after a defined time or if not in use.
Fibre-specific criteria are set in this section for acrylic, cotton and other natural cellulosic seed fibres, elastane, flax and other bast fibres, greasy wool and other keratin fibres, man-made cellulose fibres, polyamide, polyester and polypropylene.
Flax and other bast fibres (including hemp, jute, and ramie)
For viscose fibres, the emission to water of zinc from the production site, expressed as an annual average, shall not exceed 0,3 g/kg.
Assessment and verification: The applicant shall either provide a declaration of non-use or a test report using the following test method: direct determination by Atomic Absorption Spectrometry.
The levels of ionic impurities in the dyes used shall not exceed the following: Ag 100 ppm; As 50 ppm; Ba 100 ppm; Cd 20 ppm; Co 500 ppm; Cr 100 ppm; Cu 250 ppm; Fe 2 500 ppm; Hg 4 ppm; Mn 1 000 ppm; Ni 200 ppm;
Products made of polyester shall comply with the criterion set out in point 8.1 regarding the amount of antimony and the criterion set out in point 8.2 regarding the emission of VOCs during polymerisation.
CD1B Having chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or emphysema
PC1E Difficulty in bathing or showering No difficulty Some difficulty
PA3 Last time of blood cholesterol measurement by a health professional
Country population aged 15 years or over residing in private households, in million persons and rounded to 3 decimal digits
,18 % where the other currency is the West African CFA franc (BCEAO) (XOF);
Decision 2009/2 (4), adopted by the CLRTAP Executive Body at its 27th Session from 14 to 18 December 2009, identified short-chain chlorinated paraffins (hereinafter ‘SCCPs’) as a persistent organic pollutant.
As such, they were added to the Protocol for elimination, subject to two exemptions: use as fire retardants in rubber used in conveyor belts in the mining industry or in dam sealants.
However, alcoholic beverages from Artemisia species are included in Part B of Annex III to Regulation (EC) No of the European Parliament and of the Council (5), which sets maximum levels of certain substances, naturally present in flavourings and food ingredients with flavouring properties, in certain compound food as consumed to which flavourings and/or food ingredients with flavouring properties have been added.
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Having regard to Regulation (EU) No 517/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on fluorinated greenhouse gases and repealing Regulation (EC) No 842/2006 (1), and in particular Article 10(13) thereof, Whereas:
The following certification system(s) for natural persons carrying out installation, repair, maintenance, servicing or decommissioning of electrical switchgear containing fluorinated greenhouse gases or recovery of fluorinated greenhouse gases from stationary electrical switchgear, satisfy the minimum requirements and the conditions of mutual recognition set out in Articles 3 and 7 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2066 (1).
The weight of the fluorinated greenhouse gases shall be expressed in kilograms and the CO2 equivalent shall be expressed in tonnes.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for cherries, avocados, peas (fresh, without pods) and globe artichokes no information was available and that for cress and celery the information available was insufficient to derive a tentative MRL and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
Taking into account additional information on the good agricultural practice provided by France after publication of the reasoned opinion and as there is no risk for consumers, the MRL for apricots should be set in Annex II to Regulation (EC) No at the existing level.
For oranges it recommended raising the existing MRL.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRL for banana the information available was insufficient to derive a tentative MRL and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
identification and determination of selenium disulphide in anti-dandruff shampoos,
identification and determination of benzyl alcohol, identification of zirconium, and determination of zirconium, aluminium and chlorine in non-aerosol antiperspirants, identification and determination of hexamidine, dibromohexamidine, dibromopropamidine and chlorhexidine,
This method describes the identification of selenium disulphide as selenium in anti-dandruff shampoos. Principle
Measure the absorbance of a 5 % (v/v) nitric acid solution (3.2) and use the value obtained as the zero selenium concentration for the calibration curve.
Potassium chloride solution, 8 % (m/v): dissolve 16 g of potassium chloride in 200 ml of 0,07 M hydrochloric acid solution (3.2).
Add by pipette 1,0 ml of ethanol (3.1) and rotate the flask to ensure thorough wetting of the pigment.
Swirl the contents of the flask for five seconds to ensure thorough mixing of the contents.
The use of inductively-coupled plasma - optical emission spectrometry is permitted as an alternative to flame atomic absorption spectrometry.
Scope and field of application This method describes the procedure for extracting and determining soluble strontium from pigments in the form of salts or lakes. Principle
The method comprises five stages: Identification of zirconium
Add 10 ml of acetone (3.3), dip electrodes (4.3 and 4.4) below surface of solution and commence stirring.
dibromopropamidine and its salts, including the isethionate,
Inject 10 ml of each of the reference solutions (4.10) and record their chromatograms.
Inject 10 ml of the sample solution (6.1) and record its chromatogram.
No dangerous or polluting goods shall be offered for carriage or taken on board any vessel unless a declaration has been delivered to the master or operator containing the correct technical names of the dangerous or polluting goods, the United Nations (UN) numbers where they exist, the IMO hazard classes in accordance with the IMDG, IBC and IGC Codes, the quantities of such goods and, if in portable tanks or freight containers, their identification marks.
Whereas it is essential to establish manufacturing and labelling rules for juices and nectars intended for direct human consumption and to lay down rules for their raw materials while ensuring that the reserved descriptions in this Directive cannot be abused;
However, it may be decided under the procedure laid down in Article 15 that, in the case of certain fruits whose juice has a high natural sugar content, nectar may be produced from them without the addition of sugars;
acid calcium sulphite (calcium bisulphite) (E 227), provided that the total amount of these substances expressed as sulphur dioxide in the juice, as sold or delivered to the consumer, is not greater than 10 mg per litre of juice: desulphiting by physical processes,
the products with sugar added within the limits laid down in Article 4 (2) (a) (ii), by the description 'sweetened', followed by an indication of the maximum quantity of sugars added, calculated as dry matter and expressed as grams per litre; the quantity indicated may not exceed the actual quantity added by more than 15 %;
the vitaminization of the products covered by this Directive is authorized;
Whereas, in the absence of a directive to amend Annex XII B, the manufacturers of such vehicles would be either left with unsaleable stocks of such vehicles or required to take uneconomic measures to satisfy the requirements of the Directive;
When a whole genus is mentioned in the classified list of biological agents, it is implicit that the species and strains known to be non-pathogenic are excluded. Where a strain is attenuated or has lost known virulence genes, then the containment required by the classification of its parent strain need not necessarily apply, subject to assessment appropriate for risk in the workplace.
means the orthogonal projection of a retro reflector in a plane perpendicular to its axis of reference and bounded by planes touching the outer edges of the light projection surface of the retro reflector and parallel to this axis.
L0111 Commission Directive 93/111/EC of 10 December 1993 amending Directive 93/10/EEC relating to materials and articles made of regenerated cellulose film intended to come into contact with foodstuffs COMMISSION DIRECTIVE 93/111/EC of 10 December 1993 amending Directive 93/10/EEC relating to materials and articles made of regenerated cellulose film intended to come into contact with foodstuffs THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES, Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, Having regard to Council Directive 89/109/EEC of 21 December 1988 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to materials and articles intended to come into contact with foodstuffs (1), and in particular Article 3 thereof,
Whereas Directive 87/153/EEC should quickly be amended accordingly, with a view to making available the necessary rules for the specific examination of additives belonging to the new group of enzymes and micro-organisms; whereas, in the meantime, the dossiers to be submitted with a v:iew to assessing products included in the national lists must be prepared according to the guidelines established for additives in general;
Whereas in order to make possible the evaluation and authorization of enzymes produced by or derived from genetically modified organisms, the Commission must provide an assessment of such products with the aim of preventing damage to human or animal health or the environment;
Mi = mass emission of the pollutant i in grams per kilometre;
d = driven distance during the operating cycle in km.
With a minimum sample size of three the sampling procedure is set so that the probability of a lot passing a test with 40 % of the production defective is 0,95 (producer's risk = 5 %), while the probability of a lot being accepted with 65 % of the production defective is 0,1 (consumer's risk = 10 %).
If the natural logarithms of the measurements in the series are x1, x2,..., xj and L is the natural logarithm of the CO2 type-approval value, then define:
Total gear ratios (including the rolling circumferences of the tyres under load): road speeds per 1 000 min-1 km/h
Structural metallic construction members Finished metallic products such as metal framing for suspended ceilings (heavy duty), trusses, girders, columns, stairs, ground piles, bearing piles and sheet piling, cut to size sections designed for certain applications, and rails and sleepers.
The motor shall have a lifetime of at least 550 hours.
Sauna timer control (1 point) All sauna units shall have a timer control.
Monitors must comply with the appropriate formula given below:
The portable computer shall have a maximum off-mode consumption of no more than 2 watts when the battery is fully charged and the power supply is connected to the electricity supply.
The total quantity of elemental phosphorous in the product shall be calculated per functional unit (for all-purpose cleaners) or per 100 g of product (cleaners for sanitary facilities) taking into account all ingredients containing phosphorus (e.g. phosphates and phosphonates).
Functional groups or fragments with a positive effect on the biodegradation are: aliphatic and aromatic alcohol [-OH], aliphatic and aromatic acid [-C(=O)-OH], aldehyde [-CHO], Ester [-C(=O)-O-C], amide [-C(=O)–N of -C(=S)–N].
be 30 million tonne-kilometres or its volumetric equivalent of modal threshold per Motorways of the
Only to be used for manufacture of polyesters 18117
For indirect food contact only, behind a polyethylene terephthalate (PET) layer 19965
Only to be used as a co-monomer in aliphatic polyesters up to maximum level of 1 % on a molar basis 21498
Only for use in polyethylene tereph­ thalate (PET)
poly(12-hydroxystearic acid)-polyethyl­ eneimine copolymer Only to be used in polyethylene tereph­ thalate (PET), polystyrene (PS), high impact polystyrene (HIPS) and polyamide (PA) up to 0,1 % w/w.
sulphosuccinic acid alkyl (C4-C20) or cyclohexyl diesters, salts SML = 5 mg/kg
In order to ensure the compatibility and usability of such services on the Community level, it is necessary to lay down the technical specifications and minimum performance criteria for those services with regard to the themes listed in Annexes I, II and III to Directive 2007/2/EC.
On the basis of the data presented, the Authority concluded that a cause and effect relationship was estab­ lished between the intake of calcium and vitamin D and the claimed effect.
Benefits by the welfare institutions of the Federal Chamber of Architects and Consulting Engineers under the Aus­ trian Civil Engineers’ Chamber Act (Ziviltechnikerkammergesetz) 1993 and the statutes of the welfare institutions, with the exception of benefits on grounds of occupational invalidity and survivors’ benefits deriving from the last- named benefits;
These high purity substances and mixtures containing controlled substances shall be supplied only in re-closable con­ tainers or high pressure cylinders smaller than three litres or in 10 millilitre or smaller glass ampoules, marked clearly as substances that deplete the ozone layer, restricted to laboratory and analytical uses and specifying that used or surplus substances should be collected and recycled, if practical.
The prills or granules dissolve in about 10 minutes at ambient temperature.
To be printed on the label: The mixing ratio.
operational motor lifetime shall be greater than or equal to 500 hours.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for blackberries, raspberries and spinach some information was not available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
As regards straw­ berries, raspberries, Chinese cabbage, lamb’s lettuce, beans (fresh, with pods), cardoons, fennel and rhubarb, after submitting the opinion referred to in the first sentence, the Authority submitted a further opinion concerning the MRLs (2).
For units whose contents do not exceed 1 kg or one litre, an incremental sample shall be the contents of one original unit.
Therefore in case the feed in the silo has to be sampled and there is no possibility to move the consignment, the agreement has to be made with the operator that he or she has to inform the inspector about when the silo will be unloaded in order to enable sampling when the feed is in flow.
to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement. Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 702/2013 of 22 July 2013 on transitional measures for the application of Regulation (EC) No 882/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the accreditation of official laboratories carrying out official testing for Trichinella and amending Commission Regulation (EC) No 1162/2009 (2) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
The scrap shall not contain PVC in form of coatings, paints, or residual plastics.
The specifications laid down by Regulation (EU) No provide that one of the purity criteria for polyols is the level of demineralisation or residual minerals, characterised by chlorides, sulphates and/or sulphated ashes.
By doing so, a triple measure (of chlorides, sulphates and/or sulphated ashes) was replaced by a single one, simpler to carry out, cost-effective and more friendly to the environment.
Other polyhydric alcohols Not more than 1 % (expressed on dry weight basis)
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 642/2013 of 4 July 2013 concerning the authorisation of niacin and niacinamide as feed additives for all animal species (4) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Diesel fuels as defined in point 2 of Article 2 of Directive 98/70/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 1998 relating to the quality of petrol and diesel fuels (*) are excluded from this definition.
Both strips must be made of a rigid material, such as wood or concrete, and be formed either of blocks set in a base structure or of a continuous smooth surface.
Zirconium and its compounds, with the exception of the complexes under reference number 7 in Annex IV, Part 1, and of zirconium lakes, salts and pigments of colouring agents listed with reference (5) in Annex III, Part II, and in Annex IV, Part 2.
NB - the percentages in this Annex are expressed in weight/weight (w/w) and are calculated in relation to the quantity of anhydrous regenerated cellulose film,
Gaseous pollutants  means carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons (assuming a ratio of CH1,85), and oxides of nitrogen, the latter being expressed in nitrogen dioxide (NO2) equivalent.
maximum lift of valves and angles of opening and closing in relation to dead centres.
Vehicle types of different reference masses and different overall transmission rating
The second, third and fourth gears may also be used when the driving instructions recommend starting in second gear on level ground, or when first gear is therein defined as a gear reserved for cross-country driving, crawling or towing.
Vehicles equipped with semi-automatic-shift gearboxes are tested by using the gears normally employed for driving, and the gear shift is used in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Bags (B), for collecting samples of the diluted exhaust gas and of the dilution air during the test; they must be of sufficient capacity not to impede the sample flow; the bag material must be such as to affect neither the measurements themselves nor the chemical composition of the gas samples (for instance : laminated polyethylene/polyamide films, or fluorinated polyhydrocarbons).
The ozonator is now activated to generate enough ozone to bring the NO concentration down to 20 % (minimum 10 %) of the calibration concentration given in 3.1.
ANNEX IV TYPE II TEST (Carbon monoxide emission test at idling speed)
on the other hand, by the smallest of the following three values : the highest speed the engine can attain by activation of the idling speed components; the speed recommended by the manufacturer, plus 250 revolutions per minute; the cut-in speed of automatic clutches.
Whereas the laws, regulations and administrative provisions in force in some Member States define the composition and manufacturing characteristics of caseins and caseinates intended for human consumption, together with the conditions with which these products must comply in order that certain designations may be used in their regard or that their use in the preparation of other foodstuffs may be authorized; whereas such provisions do not exist at present in other Member States;
Whereas, on the other hand, with a view to facilitating trade it is advisable to adopt, at Community level, rules for labelling applicable to edible caseins and caseinates intended for use within the trade;
the name reserved for these products in accordance with Article 3 with, in the case of caseinates, an indication of the cation or cations;
Member States shall prohibit the marketing of edible caseins and caseinates in their territory if the particulars referred to in paragraphs 1 (a), (b), (e) and (f) do not appear in a language easily understood by the purchaser, unless the latter is given such information by other means; this provision shall not preclude the appearance of the said particulars in several languages.
Extraneous matter (such as wood or metal particles, hairs or insect fragments) | nil in 25 g (d) Harmless technological adjuvants and bacterial cultures suitable for human consumption
For the purposes of this Directive, 'asbestos' means the following fibrous silicates:
the types and quantities of asbestos used,
The quantity of asbestos used in each case must be limited to the minimum quantity which is reasonably practicable.
The daily average limit values are twice the corresponding monthly average limit values given in the above table.
The determination is carried out by spectrophotometry at 410 nm of the complex obtained by reaction with Fehling's solution.
Into four 100 ml round-bottom flasks (5.1), each containing 3 ml of 30 % aqueous ethanol (4.20), pipette 5, 10, 15 and 20 ml portions of the standard solution (4.15.1) corresponding to 5, 10, 15 and 20 mg of quinolin-8-ol.
This method describes the determination of free ammonia in cosmetic products.
This procedure avoids the loss of ammonia, during steam distillation, from certain ammonium salts such as the carbonate and hydrogencarbonate and those of the fatty acids, with the exception of ammonium acetate.
Dissolve 0,1 g of sodium 3,4-dihydro-3,4-dioxonaphthalene-l-sulphonate in water and dilute to 100 ml. Procedure To 1 ml of sample add 10 ml of 4.1.1 and 1 ml of 4.1.2.
Characterization of inorganic sulphides by the formulation of hydrogen sulphide on acidification
Dissolve 5 g of bromine in 100 ml of carbon tetrachloride (4.2.1.12).
Take 25 ml of the dried ethereal extract and evaporate to dryness in a nitrogen stream.
This method is designed for the determination of total fluorine in dental creams.
Xylene with no peaks in the chromatogram prior to the solvent peak when chromatographed under the same conditions as the sample (6.1). If necessary purify by distillation (5.8).
Repeat the injection, calculate the average peak area ratio (ATEFS/ACH) and read the corresponding amount of fluorine (in milligrams (m1)) from the calibration graph (6.3).
Plot a calibration graph correlating the mass of fluorine (in milligrams) in the standard solutions (6.3.1) and the peak area ratio (ATEFS/ACH) measured under 6.3.4.
Add 10 ml of nitric acid (3.1) and leave to digest for three hours in an airtight flask in a water bath at 55 oC, shaking at regular intervals.
This method describes the determination of sulphides present in cosmetic products.
NB: The entraining apparatus must pass the following leak-tightness test: simulating the test conditions, replace the product to be determined by 10 ml of a sulphide solution (prepared from 4.4) containing ‘X mg’ of sulphide (iodometrically determined).
Let ‘Y’ be the number of milligrams of sulphide found at the end of this operation.
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2019/1981 of 28 November 2019 amending Implementing Regulation (EU) 2019/626 as regards lists of third countries and regions thereof authorised for entry into the European Union of snails, gelatine and collagen, and insects intended for human consumption1 is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Solid (one layer) parquet of oak, maple or ash Ash: 650
Highly biodiverse grasslands differ among climatic zones and may include, inter alia, heaths, pastures, meadows, savannahs, steppes, scrublands, tundra and prairies.
This Regulation sets out the requirements for technical arrangements for the interoperability and, where prac­ ticable, harmonisation of spatial data sets and spatial data services corresponding to the themes listed in Annexes I, II and III to Directive 2007/2/EC.
It recommended, however, continuation of efforts to reduce exposure to nitrates via food and water since nitrates can be convert- ed into nitrites and nitrosamines, and urged that good agricultural practices are adopted to ensure nitrate levels are as low as reasonably achievable.
The SCF emphasised that concern about the presence of nitrates should not discourage increase in the consumption of vegetables objective, the monitoring results obtained and, particu- larly, in the light of the risks and of experience gained.
since vegetables have an essential nutritional function (13) Lower limits are fixed for open-grown lettuce than for and play an important role in health protection.
Specific measures designed to provide better control of the sources of nitrates together with codes of good agricultural practice may help to reduce the nitrate levels in vegetables.
For substances of this type there is no threshold allowed, for a transitional period, to authorise the below which no harmful effect is observed.
For potatoes the maximum level applies to peeled potatoes 0,1
the date of bottling for quality sparkling wines and quality sparkling wines psr, • the volume of the cuvée and the description, volume and actual and potential alcoholic strength of each of its constituents, • each of the practices listed in Article 24 of Regulation (EC) No , • the amount of tirage liqueur used,
Zinc amino acid complex where the zinc and the amino acids derived from soya protein are chelated via coordinate covalent bonds, as a powder with a mini­ mum content of 10 % zinc.
Category 2, comprising counterparties not belonging to Category 1 which belong to a group whose aggregate month-end average of outstanding gross notional amount of non-centrally cleared derivatives for January, February and March 2016 is above EUR 8 billion and which are any of the following:
copper flakes (coated with aliphatic acid)
High pathogenic and low pathogenic avian influenza viruses pose a serious risk to individuals and the evolution towards a potential pandemic influenza.
As a consequence, the envelope of the new public health programme 2008-13 would need to be adjusted to the level of EUR 321,5 million.
Commission Recommendation 2007/331/EC of 3 May 2007 on the monitoring of acrylamide levels in food5 is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
Aubergines, bananas, cauliflower, grapes, orange juice (), peas (fresh/frozen, without pod), peppers (sweet), wheat.
Apples, head cabbage, leek, lettuce, tomatoes, peaches including nectarines and similar hybrids; rye or oats, strawberries.
The Scientific Panel on Contaminants in the Food Chain of the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) adopted on 19 April 2005 a statement on acrylamide in food in which it endorsed the risk assessment on acrylamide in food carried out by the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA) in February 2005.
pouting (Trisopterus luscus), and poor cod/Mediterranean cod (Trisopterus minutus),
OJ L 309, 20.11.2008, p. OJ L 157, 17.6.2008, p.
of Regulation (EC) No 336/2006 defines the ISM Code as that set out in Annex I to the said Regu- lation, in its up-to-date version.
Commission Regulation (EC) No 565/2008 of 18 June 2008 amending Regulation (EC) No 1881/2006 setting maximum levels for certain contaminants in foodstuffs as regards the establishment of a maximum level for dioxins and PCBs in fish liver2 is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
In December 2007 the Commission was informed by the food and lid industry that by July 2008 not enough lids tested for compliance with Directive 2002/72/EC will be available on the market for the food industry to package critical foods such as food in oil, pestos and fatty sauces.
Serious shortcomings were identified, in particular, regarding the capacity of the Gabonese authorities to take corrective action when high levels of heavy metals and sulphites occur.
European Parliament and Council Directive 95/2/EC of 20 February 1995 on food additives others than colours and sweeteners (3) lays down maximum levels of sulphites in certain fishery products.
Production of lime or calcination of dolomite or magnesite as specified in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC
Drying or calcination of gypsum or production of plaster boards and other gypsum products, as specified in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC
Production of carbon black as specified in Annex I to Directive 2003/87/EC
Whereas the arsenic content of complete feedstuffs for fish must be altered since fish feed mainly comprises fish meal which has a natural arsenic content, this level does not represent a threat to animal or human health or the environment ;
Natural mixture of aluminium silicates, alka- lines and alkaline-earth and aluminium hydrosi- licates, natrolite (43 % - 46,5 %) and feldspar
Notwithstanding the time limit laid down in paragraphs 1 and 2, where a depositor or any person entitled to or interested in sums held in an account has been charged with an offence arising out of or in relation to money laundering as defined in Article 1 of Directive 91/308/EEC, the guarantee scheme may suspend any payment pending the judgment of the court.
Deposits by a credit institution's own directors, managers, members personally liable, holders of at least 5 % of the credit institution's capital, persons responsible for carrying out the statutory audits of the credit institution's accounting documents and depositors of similar status in other companies in the same group.
a 8mm The coupling device with the EEC approval marking illustrated above is a non-standard drawbar coupling of Class C 50-X with a maximum permitted D value of 130 kN, a maximum permitted De value of 90 kN, a maximum permitted static vertical bearing load of 1 000 kg and a maximum permitted V-value of 35 kN, for which EEC component type-approval was granted in the Federal Republic of Germany (e 1) under the number 0207. The first two digits 00 indicate that this component was approved according to the original form of this Directive. Specimen EEC approval marking for a drawbar eye t t t
If Class D 50 drawbar eyes are fitted with sleeves, they shall comply with the dimensions shown in Figure 12 (except class D 50-C) or Figure 13.
The sleeves must not be welded into the drawbar eyes.
Slotted sleeve for D 50 drawbar eyes
g acceleration due to gravity, assumed as 9,81 mfs2
All steps of the preparation must be carried out without any significant ethanol loss through evaporation that would change the isotopic composition of the sample.
Number of samples: Six samples in double-blind comparison Analyte: δ 13C of ethanol
By derogation from the first subparagraph, and during a transitional period ending on 31 December 2005, the competent authority of each Member State may authorise the use of synthetic vitamins of types A, D and E for ruminants in so far as the following conditions are met:
The distribution of this 10 % should take into account levels of income per capita in 2005 and the growth prospects of Member States, and be higher for Member States with low income levels per head and high growth prospects.
Production of lime or calcination of dolomite or magnesite in rotary kilns or in other furnaces with a production capacity exceeding 50 tonnes per day Carbon dioxide
Muskets, rifles and carbines manufactured earlier than 1938;
5. are controlled whether or not the metals or alloys are encapsulated in aluminum, magnesium, zirconium, or beryllium.
2. does not control boron and boron carbide enriched with boron-10 (20 % or more of total boron-10 content).
Titanium IV, [(2-propenolato-1) methyl, n-propanolatomethyl] butanolato-1, tris[dioctyl] pyrophosphate or KR3538;
Recovery parachutes for guided missiles, drones or space vehicles;
In particular tractors must be fitted with the permanently connected socket outlet recommended in standard ISO R 1724 (Electrical connections for vehicles with 6 or 12 volt electrical systems applying more specifically to private motor cars and lightweight trailers or caravans) (first edition, April 1970) or ISO R 1185 (Electrical connections between towing and towed vehicles having 24 volt electrical systems used for international commercial transport purposes) (first edition, March 1970).
However, for some categories of dwellings (e.g. flats in capital cities) there may be a U- shaped relation between the price per square metre and the size of the dwelling.
The content and sequence of the variables in records A and B and the codes to be used will be specified in separate documents.
´Hood or cowl' means a protective device located in front of the dangerous part and which protects against contact with the dangerous part on the covered side.
´Guard' means a protective device which, by means of a rail, grill or similar device provides the necessary safety distance preventing contact with the dangerous part.
If, for the lower links of a front three-point coupling, coupling devices (such as a rapid-action coupling) are used which do not require the presence of a person between the tractor and the implement attached during coupling, the requirements under 2.3.2.8.1 do not apply within the reach of a radius of 250 mm from the points at which the lower links are coupled to the tractor.
´curvature, r' means the approximate value of the smallest radius of arc of the windscreen as measured in the area of maximum curvature.
The test-piece is held in place by the upper frame, the mass of which is about 3 kg.
The supporting frame is welded on to a sheet of steel about 12 mm thick resting on the floor with an interposed sheet of rubber about 3 mm thick and of hardness 50 IRHD.
Window-cleaning product: aqueous solution of isopropanol and dipropylene glycol monomethyl ether, each at a concentration of 5 to 10 % by weight, and of ammonium hydroxyde at a concentration of 1 to 5 % by weight.
Fragmentation is not checked in a strip 2 cm wide round the edge of the samples, this strip representing the frame of the glass, nor within a radius of 7,5 cm from the point of impact.
zone FII: not more than three fragments of between 16 and 20 cm² in area located outside the circle having a radius of 10 cm centred on the point of impact;
an EEC component type-approval number, which corresponds to the number of the EEC component type-approval certificate issued for the type of coupling device in question as regards its strength and dimensions, placed in any convenient position below and near the rectangle,
An asterisk is placed between the letter ´e' and the distinguishing letters or number of the country which granted the EEC type-approval as well as between that number or the letters concerned and the EEC type-approval number.
If designed for and intended for travelling unladen up and down gradients of 10 %, the test platform slope vlaue indicated by the 10 % curve should be used; and similary for the curve marked 20 %. If designed for and intended for travelling unladen up and down gradients between the above curves, the test platform slope should be calculated using one of the following formulae: á = 15+0,5 i+1,55 v (max. where á = test platform slope, expressed as a percentage (%), i
v maximum speed of truck in kilometres per hour, unladen, on smooth and level ground. EWG:L111UMBE08.95 FF: 1UEN; SETUP: 01; Bediener: MARK; MC: P; Pr. : C;
Whereas Directive 76/116/EEC may henceforth be applicable to fertilizers containing only calcium, magnesium and sulphur,
calcium (Ca) = calcium oxide (CaO) × 0,715
the translation differences included in consolidated reserves in accordance with Article 39 (6) of Directive 86/635/EEC, any difference resulting from the inclusion of certain participating interests in accordance with the method prescribed in Article 33 of Directive 83/349/EEC. Where the above are debit (´positive') items, they must be deducted in the calculation of consolidated own funds.
Commission Regulation (EU) No 574/2011 of 16 June 2011 amending Annex I to Directive 2002/32/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards maximum levels for nitrite, melamine, Ambrosia spp.
For manual transmission, the driver should release the clutch and depress the brake pedal sharply, holding it down as long as necessary to perform the measurement.
On receipt of an application the Commission shall without delay verify whether the food additive, food enzyme or flavouring falls within the scope of the appropriate sectoral food law and whether the application contains all the elements required under Chapter II.
Evidence that a substance can lead to specific respiratory hypersensitivity will normally be based on human experience. In this context, hypersensitivity is normally seen as asthma, but other hypersen­ sitivity reactions such as rhinitis/conjunctivitis and alveolitis are also considered.
other epidemiological evidence where there is a relatively high and substantial incidence of allergic contact dermatitis in relation to relatively low exposure.
epidemiological studies showing allergic contact dermatitis caused by the substance.
well documented episodes of allergic contact dermatitis, normally obtained in more than one dermatology clinic;
Table 1.1, the footnote to code H200 is deleted;
fruits, for endosulfan in bulb vegetables, for ethion in tree nuts, bulb vegetables, tea, coffee, herbal infusions and cocoa, hops and spices, for fenthion in tree nuts and bulb vegetables, for fomesafen in tree nuts, bulb vegetables, oilseeds and oil fruits, tea, coffee, herbal infusions and cocoa, hops and spices and for Methi- dathion in bulb vegetables, oilseeds and oil fruits.
The cost- efficient improvement potential through design is about 34 TWh per year in 2020, which corresponds to 16 Mt of CO2 emissions.
The cost of these activities has been estimated to be EUR 1,585 billion, including EUR 85 million for exploratory research, EUR 1,2 billion for applied research and pre-industrial development, and EUR 300 million for large-scale demonstrations.
— Tow and waste (including yarn waste and garnetted stock) of jute and other textile bast fibres (excluding flax, true hemp and ramie)
Whole product after removal of stems (except pineapples)
Wheat (i.e. all Triticum species, such as durum wheat, spelt, and khorasan wheat), rye and barley have been identified as grains that are scientifically reported to contain gluten.
Certain foods have been specially produced, prepared and/or processed to reduce the gluten content of one or more gluten-containing ingredients or to substitute the gluten-containing ingredients with other ingredients natu­ rally free of gluten.
Standards or other conditions applicable where reference is made to them in the table under Section I (2) (A) of this Annex: (a) All fresh and healthy seeds which do not germinate after pre-treatment shall be regarded as seeds which have germinated.
WHEREAS THE NATIONAL LAWS CONCERNING THE COMPOSITION OF PETROL , AND IN PARTICULAR THE RULES GOVERNING THE LIMITATIONS OF THE LEAD CONTENT IN MOTOR VEHICLE PETROL , VARY FROM ONE MEMBER STATE TO ANOTHER; WHEREAS SUCH DIFFERENCES DIRECTLY AFFECT THE PROPER FUNCTIONING OF THE COMMON MARKET;
Whereas the addition of sugars as defined in Directive 73/437/EEC (4) is necessary, especially in the case of carrageenan (E 407), pectin (E 440 (a)) and amidated pectin (E 440 (b)), in order to ensure that users are supplied with a product having a constant gelling power;
The diameter of these zones is taken to be in direct proportion to the logarithm of the antibiotic concentration over the range of antibiotic concentrations employed.
hours before the assay, inoculate with this growth two to four tubes containing slopes of culture medium (4.1).
iron (Fe) : 20 mg/kg copper (Cu) : 10 mg/kg manganese (Mn) : 20 mg/kg zinc (Zn) : 20 mg/kg PRINCIPLE
Using a calibration curve, calculate the trace element concentration in the solution to be analyzed and express the result in milligrams of trace element per kilogram of sample (ppm).
the pressure values indicated in millimetres of mercury and in millimetres water gauge shall be replaced by the values indicated in millibars in accordance with the formula: - 1 mm Hg = 1 733322 mbar,
the power values shall be indicated in kilowatts instead of horsepower or chevaux vapeur in accordance with the formula: - 1 CV = 0 7735498 kW,
The brake can only be adjusted on the basis of road tests if the conditions of air pressure and temperature, on the road and at the location of the dynamometer bench, do not differ by more than ± 15 mbar and ± 8 ºC.
As a transitional measure and notwithstanding Articles 2 (1) (c) and 3, Member States whose provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action permit a method of part-time specialist training at the time of notification of this Directive may continue to apply these provisions to candidates who have begun their training as specialists no later than four years after the notification of this Directive.
When for scientific or veterinary reasons a raised area cannot be used, the enclosure shall be 33 % larger for a single rabbit and 60 % larger for two rabbits.
The additional floor area is as a minimum 3 000 cm2 per rabbit for the third, the fourth, the fifth and the sixth rabbit, while 2 500 cm2 as a minimum shall be added for each additional rabbit above a number of six.
For baboons, separation from the mother shall not take place before 8 months of age.
Shooting with a free bullet with appropriate rifles, guns and ammunition
Residual Solvents Ethanol: not more than 2 % • Extracts of rosemary prepared from a deodorised ethanolic extract of rosemary Extracts of rosemary which are prepared from a deodorised ethanolic extract of rosemary.
The ratio of mannose to galactose is about 5:1 In the manufacture the seeds are dehusked and degermed by thermal mechanical treatment followed by milling and screening of the endosperm.
Definition Polyvinyl alcohol is a synthetic resin prepared by the polymerisation of vinyl acetate, followed by partial hydrolysis of the ester in the presence of an alkaline catalyst.
Launching appliances using falls (Davits)
The additional use of sulphur dioxide and sulphites should be authorised in order to help preserve fresh blueberries against fungi growth, bearing in mind that this is likely to represent a niche market.
Commission Decision 2004/374/EC (3) suspended the placing on the market and import of jelly mini-cups containing gel-forming food additives derived from seaweed and certain gums (E 400, E 401, E 402, E 403, E 404, E 405, E 406, E 407, E 407a, E 410, E 412, E 413, E 414, E 415, E 417, E 418) due to the risk of choking posed by these products.
The assessment of the level of exposure to hand-arm vibration is based on the calculation of the daily exposure value normalised to an eight-hour reference period A(8), expressed as the square root of the sum of the squares (rms) (total value) of the frequency-weighted acceleration values, determined on the orthogonal axes ahwx, ahwy, ahwz as defined in Chapters 4 and 5 and Annex A to ISO standard 5349-1(2001).
Commission Decision 2003/602/EC of 12 August 2003 repealing Decision 2002/75/EC laying down special conditions on the import from third countries of star anise (8) is to be incorporated into the Agreement,
This Directive concerns the acceptance for inclusion in a common catalogue of varieties of agricultural plant species of those varieties of beet, fodder plant, cereal, potato and oil and fibre plant the seed of which may be marketed under provisions of the Directives concerning respectively the marketing of beet seed (2002/54/EC), fodder plant seed (66/401/EEC), cereal seed (66/402/EEC), seed potatoes (2002/56/EC) and seed of oil and fibre plants (2002/57/EC).
Homologues of ethanol, together with the ethanol and ethanol homologues in ethyl esters, are included in the alcoholic strength since they occur in the distillate.
milk into butter, cream, cheeses, yoghurts and other dairy products, • fruit and vegetables into fruit juices, tinned foods, alcoholic beverages and other products, • grapes, must and wine into alcoholic products (e.g. sparkling wine, such as Champagne, and spirits, such as Cognac), • plaiting of vegetable material/textiles/wool, • production of pâtés, foie gras and other processed meat products, • processing of other agricultural products, Grading and packaging of agricultural products, e.g. eggs and potatoes.
The latter approach can prove highly appropriate in cases where the buyers of these agricultural products are readily identifiable and the four other components of uses are limited (for example, products requiring preliminary processing before they can be used, such as sugar beet, tobacco, etc.).
grants for olive oil production (B1-1210), • grants for the production of textile crops (fibre flax and hemp; B1-140), • grants for silkworm production (B1-1420), • grants for banana production (B1-1508, only the part relating to compensatory aid), • grants for dried grape production (B1-1513), • grants for seed production (B1-180),
premiums on tobacco production (B1-171).
Porphyry, basalt and other monumental/building stone, crude, roughly trimmed/merely cut (excluding calcareous monumental/ building stone of gravity > 2,5 kg/10 m3 granite and sandstone)
Limestone flux, limestone and other calcareous stone used for the manufacture of lime or cement (excluding crushed limestone aggregate and calcareous dimension stone)
Bentonite (sodium and calcium smectite), attapulgite and sepiolite 2508 (.
Common clays and shales for construction use (including for bricks, tiles, pipes, cement, excluding bentonite, attapulgite and sepiolite, fireclay-expanded clay, kaolin and kaolinic clays)
Pumice, emery, natural corundum, natural garnet and other natural abrasives 2513
Quartz and quartzites for industrial use (excluding natural quartz sands)
Inedible fish products (including fish waste, excluding whalebone and whalebone hair, coral and similar materials, shells and cuttle-bone, unworked or simply prepared/natural sponges)
Frozen potatoes, prepared or preserved (including potatoes cooked or partly cooked in oil and then frozen, excluding by vinegar or acetic acid)
Chemically pure fructose in solid form, fructose and fructose syrup, containing in the dry state > 50 % of fructose, iseglucose excluding with added flavouring or colouring matter 1702 (.
Food products with cocoa (excluding cocoa paste, butter, powder, blocks, slabs, bars, liquid, paste, powder, granular, other bulk form in pack > 2 kg, to make beverages, chocolate spreads)
Toffees, caramels and similar sweets
Extracts, essences and concentrates of tea or maté, and preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or concentrates, or with a basis of tea or maté 2101.20
Spirits, liqueurs and other spirituous beverages (excluding spirits distilled from grape wine, grape marc or fruit/whisky, rum, tafia, gin and geneva, spirits distilled from fruit)
Woven fabrics of denim cotton weighing > 200 g/m2 (including denim other than blue)
Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibres containing < 85 % by weight of such fibres and mixed mainly or solely with cotton, not of yarns of different colours, for shirts and blouses 5513 (.
Polyethylene or polypropylene binder or baler (agricultural) twines 5607.41
Cordage, ropes or cables of polyethylene, polypropylene, nylon or other polyamides or of polyesters measuring > 50 000 decitex, of other synthetic fibres (excluding binder or baler twine)
Machine-made lace in the piece, in strips or in motifs 5804.2
Other wadding and articles thereof (for other than medical use)
Men's or boys' trousers and breeches, of cut corduroy (excluding for industrial or occupational wear)
Men's or boys' trousers and breeches, of denim (excluding for industrial or occupational wear)
Shawls, scarves, mufflers, mantillas, veils and the like, of knitted or crocheted textiles 6117.10
Sandals with rubber or plastic outer soles and uppers (including thong-type sandals, flip flops)
Rough softwood poles, injected or otherwise impregnated with paint, stains, creosote or other preservatives 4403.10
Mats, matting and screens of vegetable plaiting materials or plaits bound together in parallel strands or woven in sheet form whether or not being finished articles 4601.20
Articles of HS 4601 (excluding vegetable and of loofah)
Handmade paper and paperboard in rolls or sheets (excluding newsprint)
Composite paper and paperboard in rolls or sheets (including strawpaper and paperboard) (excluding surface coated or impregnated, laminated with bitumen, tar or asphalt)
Paper/paperboard in rolls or sheets, coated on one/both sides with kaolin or other inorganic substances excluding of a kind used for any graphic purposes, multiply paper/paperboard 4810.99
Cartons, boxes and cases of corrugated paper or paperboard 4819.10
Tablecloths and serviettes of paper pulp, paper, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose fibres 4818.30
Light naphtha (light distillate used as feedstock in the petrochemical industry)
Refinery gas (mixture of gases mainly consisting of hydrogen, methane, ethane and olefins)
Tanning extracts of vegetable origin, tannins and their salts, ethers, esters and other derivatives 3201
Salts of inorganic acids or peroxoacids (excluding azides and double or complex silicates)
Compounds of rare-earth metals, of yttrium or of scandium or mixtures of these metals 2846
Unsaturated acyclic hydrocarbons, butene (butylene) and isomers thereof 2901.23
Biphenyl, terphenyls, vinyltoluenes, cyclic hydrocarbons excluding cyclanes, cyclenes, cycloterpenes, benzene, toluene, xylenes, styrene, ethylbenzene, cumene, naphthalene, anthracene 2902.90 (.
Diols and polyhydric alcohols (excluding ethylene glycol and propylene glycol, D-glucitol)
Monophenols and their salts (excluding phenol and its salts, cresols and its salts)
Phenol or phenol-alcohol derivatives containing only halogen substituents and their salts 2908.10
Aldehyde-ethers, aldehyde-phenols, aldehydes (other oxygen function) excluding vanillin (4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde), ethylvanillin (3-ethoxy-4-hydroxybenzaldehyde)
Halogenated, sulphonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of aldehydes, (including with other oxygen function, cyclic polymers of aldehydes, paraformaldehyde)
Polyesters, in primary forms (excluding polyacetals, polyethers, epoxide resins, polycarbonates, alkyd resins, polyethylene terephthalate, other unsaturated polyesters)
Paints and varnishes, based on acrylic or vinyl polymers dispersed/dissolved in non-aqueous medium, weight of the solvent > 50 % of the solutionweight including enamels and lacquers 3208.20.10
Glaziers' putty, grafting putty, resin cements, caulking compounds and other mastics 3214.10.10
Polypeptide, protein and glycoprotein hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues (excluding insulin and its salts)
Steroidal hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues (excluding cortisone, hydrocortisone, prednisone and prednisolone, halogenated derivatives of corticosteroidal hormones, oestrogens and progestogens)
Alkaloids of cinchona and their derivatives, and salts thereof (excluding quinine and its salts)
Human blood, animal blood prepared for therapeutic, prophylactic or diagnostic uses, cultures of micro-organisms, toxins (excluding yeasts)
Medicaments containing penicillins or derivatives thereof, with a penicillanic acid structure, or streptomycins or their derivatives, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, nprs 3003.10
Medicaments containing hormones but not antibiotics, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, not put up in measured doses or for retail sale (excluding insulin)
Chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones or spermicides 3006.60
Beauty, make up and skin care preparations including suntan excluding medicaments, lip and eye make up, manicure and pedicure preparations, powders for cosmetic use and talcum powder 3304.99
Anti-oxidising preparations and other compounds stabilisers for rubber or plastics 3812.30
Mixtures containing acyclic hydrocarbons perhalogenated only with fluorine and chlorine 3824.71
Polypropylene synthetic tow and staple not carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning 5501.90.10 + 5503.40
Vulcanised rubber thread and cord
NACE 25.21: Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles 25.21.10.50
Floor coverings in rolls or in tiles, and wall or ceiling coverings consisting of a support impregnated, coated or covered with polyvinyl chloride 3918.10.10
Plastic articles of apparel and clothing accessories (including gloves, raincoats, aprons, belts and babies' bibs) (excluding headgear)
Glass cubes and other glass smallwares, for mosaic or similar decorative purposes excluding finished panels and other decorative motifs made from mosaic cubes 7016.10
Refractory ceramic constructional goods containing > 50 % of MgO, CaO or Cr2O3 including bricks, blocks and tiles excluding goods of siliceous fossil meals or earths, tubing and piping 6902.10
Articles containing magnesite, dolomite or chromite (including bricks and other shapes, touchstones for testing precious metal, paving blocks and slabs) (excluding refractory goods)
Refractory ceramic goods, nec, by weight > 25 % graphite or other forms of carbon 6903 (.
Plasters consisting of calcined gypsum or calcium sulphate (including for use in building, for use in dressing woven fabrics or surfacing paper, for use in dentistry)
Worked monumental or building stone and articles thereof (excluding of calcareous stone, granite or slate, tiles, cubes and similar articles, of which the largest surface area is < 7 cm2)
Non-electrical articles of graphite or other carbon 6815.10
Unwrought tungsten (wolfram) bars and rods obtained by sintering, tungsten powders, waste and scrap (excluding carbide)
Cobalt mattes and other intermediate products of cobalt metallurgy, cobalt, articles thereof, powders, waste and scrap (excluding carbide)
Beryllium, chromium, germanium, vanadium, gallium, hafnium, indium, niobium (columbium), rhenium, thallium, articles of these metals, powders, waste and scrap (excluding carbide)
Files, rasps and similar tools (excluding punches and files for machine tools)
Tapping or threading tools (excluding work and tool holders for machines or hand tools, for working metal)
Stainless steel self-tapping screws (excluding threaded mechanisms used to transmit motion, or to act as an active machinery part)
Iron or steel cotters and cotter-pins and similar non-threaded articles (excluding washers, rivets)
Built-in jacking systems of a type used in garages for raising vehicles 8425.41
Riveting machines, swaging machines and spinning lathes for working metal, machines for manufacturing flexible tubes of spiral metal strip and electromagnetic pulse metal forming machines 8463.90
Machines and apparatus resistance welding of plastics 8515.80.91
Industrial machinery for the manufacture or preparation of macaroni, spaghetti or similar products 8438.10.90
Shotguns, rifles, carbines and muzzle-loaders (including punt-guns, combination shotgun-rifles, sporting guns made to resemble walking sticks) (excluding military firearms)
Generators for internal combustion engines (including dynamos and alternators) (excluding dual purpose starter-generators)
Single loudspeakers mounted in their enclosures (including frames or cabinets mainly designed for mounting loudspeakers)
Seats of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials 9401.50
Acoustic string musical instruments including mandolins, German lutes, banjos, ukuleles, zithers, balalaikas, harps, aeolian harps, czimbalos excluding instruments played with bow, guitars 9202.90.80
Parts and accessories for pianos (excluding strips of ivory, bone or plastics simply cut to shape, but requiring further working before use as coverings for keys)
Parts and accessories for electronic organs, digital pianos, keyboard synthesisers, electrical keyboards and other electrical keyboard instruments and electric guitars 9209.94
Ballpoint pens with liquid ink (rolling-ball pens) (excluding with body or cap of precious metal or rolled precious metal)
Fountain, stylograph and other pens with body/cap of precious metal/rolled precious metal including pump, cartridge, plunger/vacuum-type pens excluding ballpoint/porous-tipped pens 9608.39.10
The compensation referred to in paragraph 1 shall be paid in cash, by electronic bank transfer, bank orders or bank cheques or, with the signed agreement of the passenger, in travel vouchers and/or other services.
The use of the enzyme 3-phytase produced by Aspergillus niger (CBS 114.94) is already authorised without a time limit for the animal categories piglets, pigs for fattening, sows, chickens for fattening and laying hens by Commis- sion Regulation (EC) No (3).
The cable conforms to 4.2, is effectively protected against damage and each intrinsically safe circuit within the cable has, in normal operation, a peak voltage of equal to or less than 60 volts.
The canister is loaded with a mixture composed of 50 % butane and 50 % nitrogen by volume at a rate of 40 grams butane per hour.
On the basis of the readings taken in 2.3.4 and 2.3.6 and the formula in 2.4, the mass of propane in the enclosure is calculated.
Whereas the incorporation of oxygen and the significant reduction in aromatics, olefins, benzene and sulphur can permit better fuel quality to be obtained from an air quality standpoint;
Collagen-based casings with a water activity greater than 0,6 quantum satis'
However, as for analytical reason it is not always possible to distinguish between the enantiomers of hyoscyamine, it is appropriate to establish the maximum level for atropine and scopolamine.
It followed from the discussions with Member States at the Working Party of Governmental Experts on Additives that there is an equivalent technological need for food additives for diluted acetic acid and for vinegars from agricultural origin.
The Comprehensive European Food Consumption Database (6) of the European Food Safety Authority (‘the Authority’) provides information on food consumption across the European Union.
Due to production of lipids the algal cells sometimes tend to accumulate in the surface film.
All operations must be carried out under sterile conditions in order to avoid contamination with bacteria and other algae.
Two sets of reaction mixtures should be prepared according to the test designs for ECx or NOEC described in paragraph 41, but additionally, ATU should be added to each mixture of one set at a final concentration of 11,6 mg/l, which has been shown to inhibit nitrification completely in sludge with suspended solids concentrations of up to 3 000 mg/l (4).
The oxygen uptake rate should be expressed in milligrammes per litre per hour (mg/lh) or milligrammes per gramme dry sludge per hour (mg/gh).
Although genetic variability in the response to toxicants can occur with Lemna, there are currently insufficient data on this source of variability to recommend a specific clone for use with this test method.
The source of plant material and the species and clone (if known) used for testing should always be reported.
scientific name, clone (if known) and source.
Response variable are variables for the estimation of toxicity derived from any measured variables describing biomass by different methods of calculation.
To discourage worms from escaping from the soil, the test is carried out under controlled light-dark cycles (preferably 16 hours light and 8 hours dark) with illumination of 400 to 800 lux in the area of the test vessels.
But there have been many cases of less severe disruption of digestion by several other chemicals, including aliphatic halohydrocarbons (dry-cleaning) and detergents, leading to significant impairment of digester efficiency.
It is further recommended that the gas-tightness of caps, especially butyl rubber septa, be tested because several commercially available septa are not sufficiently gas-tight against methane and some septa do not stay tight when they are pierced with a needle under the conditions of the test.
It is essential to fill the pipette in one step to the exact volume of sludge required because of the ease of settlement of sludge solids.
If more is taken up, empty the pipette and start again.
Pt = the gas pressure produced with test material at selected time, in Pascal (Pa); Pc = the gas pressure produced in the control at the same time, in Pascal (Pa).
To overcome this, it may be advisable to use digesting sludge from a different source and/or to add an increased concentration of the test substrate-nutrient broth, yeast extract and glucose (paragraph 29).
Injuries or autotomy in the worms should be prevented, e.g. by using pipettes with fire polished edges, or stainless steel dental picks for handling these worms.
Vitellogenin is normally produced by the liver of female oviparous vertebrates in response to circulating endogenous oestrogen.
Rating 1-present, is identified as any tubercle having a single point whose height is nearly equivalent to its radius (diameter).
After placing the fish body into 10 % neutral buffered formalin, grasp the anterior region of the anal fin with tweezers and fold it for about 30 seconds to keep the anal fin open.
After fixing the fish body in the 10 % neutral buffered formalin for at least 24 hours, pick up the fish carcass from the conical tube and wipe the formalin on the filter paper (or paper towel).
Remove all specimens from the refrigerated centrifuge and arrange them in the order of specimen number on the ice rack.
Be careful not to collect the lipid on the surface or the liver tissue in the bottom layer.
If a large amount of lipid becomes attached to the tip, change it to the new one immediately to avoid contamination of the liver extract with fat.
Kieselgur (e.g. Merck, Art 8117) has also been shown to be a suitable substrate (a thinner layer of up to a very few mm is sufficient).
Dehydrate tissue for adequate penetration of paraffin.
Impregnate the tissue with paraffin to maintain tissue integrity and create a firm surface for microtomy.
After the paraffin has solidified, the block (i.e., the hardened paraffin containing the tissues and the cassette base) is removed from the mould.
The chuck is advanced and multiple sections are cut from the block to remove any artefacts created on the cut surface of the tissue during rough trimming.
The block can be removed from the chuck and placed facedown on ice to soak the tissue.
The respective volumes will be transferred into new tubes using pipettes.
Note: The differentiation of Total Organic Carbon (TOC) over DOC (TOC/DOC) by centrifugation at very low concentrations does not seem to work, since either not all bacteria are removed, or carbon as part of the bacterial plasma is redissolved.
The test substance can be considered to be inhibitory to bacteria (at the concentration used) if the BOD of the mixture of reference and test substances is less than the sum of the BOD of the separate solutions of the two substances.
Much of the CO2 produced will be dissolved in the liquid phase or transformed into carbonate or hydrogen carbonate under the conditions of the test.
The pressure should be measured in millibars (see paragraph 42).
Since 1 mol of methane and 1 mol carbon dioxide each contain 12 g of carbon, the mass of carbon in a given volume of evolved gas may be expressed as:
,1 = conversion for both newtons/m2 to millibars and m3 to litres.
Change of the concentration of the test substance in/on the worms is monitored throughout both phases of the test.
This ratio is considered suitable to maintain oxygen concentrations at appropriate levels, and to avoid the build-up of ammonia in the overlying water.
Elimination processes sometimes appear to be biphasic, showing a rapid decline of Ca during the early phases, that changes to a slower loss of test substances in the later phases of the elimination (8)(19)(25)).
In order to allow a period of transition to adapt to the rules of this Regulation, the prohibition in Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No should not apply to expanded polystyrene articles and extruded polystyrene articles containing HBCDD produced before or on the date of entry into force of this Regulation until 3 months after the date of its entry into force.
Chickens for fattening and reared for laying, all avian species for fatten­ ing and reared for laying other than turkeys for fattening and reared for breeding
Formic acid, formates and other oxidisable substances Not more than 1 000 mg/kg expressed as formic acid Arsenic Not more than 3 mg/kg
As regards spirodiclofen, such an application was made to raise the current MRLs for papaya, avocado and mango because the authorised use of that substance on such crops in the United States leads to residues exceeding the MRLs in Regulation (EC) No. To avoid trade barriers for the importation of these crops higher MRLs are necessary.
Conical glass separation funnel with a content of 250 ml with Teflon or ground glass stopcock at the base of the cone.
This solid phase is the flotate and shall be recovered by pouring off completely tetrachloroethylene from the funnel by opening the stopcock.
Allowing grain to commence germination to activate naturally occurring enzymes that are able to break down starch to fermentable carbohydrates and proteins to amino acids and peptides
Process which, either by physical treatment with use of heat, pressure, steam and combination of such conditions and/or through the action of e.g. aldehydes, lignosulfonates, sodium hydroxide or organic acids (such as propionic or tannic acid) aims to protect the nutrients from degradation in the rumFeed materials rumen protected by aldehydes may contain up to 0,12 % of free aldehydes.
Concentrated liquid fraction from the steeping process of corn Moisture, if < 45 % or > 65 % If moisture < 45 %:
Product of flour manufacture obtained from screened grains of wheat or dehusked spelt.
Wet by-product that is released after the fermentation of wheat starch for alcohol production
Controlled hemp seed Cannabis sativa L. with a maximum THC content according to EU legislation 2.22.2
Product of the manufacture of edible syrup from sugar beet, which may be pressed or dried.
Product of the manufacture of inulin from roots of Cichorium intybus L. consisting of extracted and mechanically pressed slices of chicory.
May contain up to 1 % sulphate, and may contain up to 0,2 % sulphite.
Product obtained by partial hydrolysis of inulin from Cichorium intybus L. and subsequent drying.
Skinned and crumbed onion pieces which are then fried.
Moist product from the potato processing industry consisting of the peelings removed by steam treatment from the potato tuber to which auxiliary flows of gelatinous potato starch may be added.
Product obtained after producing pectin from apple pulp.
Product of oil manufacture obtained by pressing of apricot kernels (Prunus armeniaca L.).
Product obtained from skimmed or buttermilk by drying casein precipitated by means of acids or rennet.
Product extracted from curd or casein through use of neutralising substances and drying.
Product obtained by filtration (ultra, nano or micro) of milk (penetrating through the membrane) and from which lactose may have been partly removed.
Whey from which the lactose has been partly removed.
Produced from purified phosphoric acid and purified magnesium hydroxide or magnesium oxide by evaporation of water and condensation of the orthophosphate to diphosphate.
Mycelium silage from the production of penicillin
Mycelium (nitrogenous compounds), wet by- product from the production of penicillin by Penicillium chrysogenum (ATCC48271) (1) on different sources of carbohydrates and their hydrolysates, heat treated and ensiled by means of Lactobacillus brevis, plantarum, sake, collinoides and Streptococcus lactis to inactive the penicillin, Nitrogen expressed as crude protein is at least 7 %.
Products obtained from freezing or drying spices and seasonings or their parts.
May contain up to 50 ppm Nickel from hydrogenation.
Mono di and tri glycerides of fatty acids (4)
Product obtained by reaction of fatty acids with at least four carbon atoms with calcium, magnesium, sodium or potassium hydroxides, oxides or salts.
Mineral and organic salts might remain in the glycerine (up to 7,5 %).
Mono-esters of propylene glycol and fatty acids (4)
vehicle emission classes, provided that no toll is more than 5O % above the toll charged for equivalent vehicles meeting the strictest emission standards;
In vitro gene mutation study in bacteria 8.5.2.
The practice by some mobile network operators of billing for the provision of wholesale roaming calls on the basis of minimum charging periods of up to 60 seconds, as opposed to the per-second basis normally applied for other wholesale interconnection charges, creates a distortion of competition between those operators and those applying different billing methods, and undermines the consistent application of the maximum wholesale charges introduced by this Regu­ lation.
Moreover, providers should actively give their customers, provided that the latter are located in the Union, on request and free of charge, additional information on the per-minute, per- SMS or per-megabyte data charges (including VAT) for the making or receiving of voice calls and also for the sending and receiving of SMS, MMS and other data communication services in the visited Member State.
Upon reaching this maximum limit, customers should no longer receive or be charged for those services unless they specifically request continued provision of those services in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the notification.
The average wholesale charge referred to in paragraph 1 shall be calculated by dividing the total wholesale revenue received by the visited network or home network operator for the provision of regulated data roaming services in the relevant period by the total number of megabytes of data actually consumed by the provision of those services within that period, aggregated on a per-kilobyte basis on behalf of the relevant roaming provider or home network operator within that period.
Net non-life insurance premiums Non-life insurance claims Miscellaneous current transfers (D75)
Commission Regulation (EU) No 675/2012 of 23 July 2012 amending Annex II to Regulation (EC) No 1333/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the use of Talc (E 553b) and Carnauba wax (E 903) on unpeeled coloured boiled eggs and the (1) OJ L 168, 28.6.2012, p.
These alcohol-free counterparts of wine are produced by removing the alcohol from the wine after fermentation.
Where no list of cross-references is requested in accordance with paragraph 5 or is not voluntarily submitted by the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a regulated market, it shall be indicated in the margin of the draft prospectus to which information in the draft prospectus the relevant information items set out in the Annexes to this Regulation correspond.
the amount or the percentage to which related party transactions form part of the turnover of the issuer. SECTION 18
—Closures made of silicone. Silicone closures with a density < 1 g/cm3 in combination with a PET bottle and silicone closures with a density > 1 g/cm3 in combination with PEHD or PP bottle are exempted.
Sweet spreads, fillings and icings g/100 g Savoury sauces, pickles, gravies and
The ISP preparation consists of native ISP, glycosylated ISP and proteins and peptides from the yeast and sugars as well as acids and salts commonly found in food.
In this process, glucose units are attached to saccharides from the starch hydrolysate by means of an enzyme produced by the bacterium Leuconostoc citreum or by means of a recombinant strain of the production organism Bacillus licheniformis.
The overall product is syrup, in addition to these oligosaccharides, contains mainly fructose but also the disaccharide leucrose and other disaccharides.
Real Renminbi-yuan Ringgit Russian rouble Singapore dollar
L 194/68 Official Journal of the European Union EN Term to maturity
(m being the number of measuring elements of the meter, Un in Volts and Imax in Amps).
MPE or difference in millimetres according to accuracy class
If the measurement result depends on the thickness, the surface condition and the kind of delivery (e.g. from a big roll or from a pile), corresponding limitations are specified by the manufacturer.
The MPE on lambda calculation is 0,3 %.
Safety devices fitted to jacks of hydraulic power circuits where these are used as devices to prevent falls.
(67): Maximum limit for aluminium coming from aluminium lakes of E 120 cochineal, carminic acid, carmines and E 180 litholrubine BK 10 mg/kg.
According to the EFSA Opinion, in BSE infected bovine animals: (i) up to 36 months of age, more than 90 % of the BSE infectivity is associated with the last 4 metres of small intestine and the caecum; (ii) between 36 and 60 months of age, there is a substantial inter- individual variability in the relative contribution of intestinal and mesenteric structures to the total infectivity;
If the EU trust mark for qualified trust services is used on a dark background, it may be used in negative format using the same background colour, as shown in Annexes I and II.
For the quantification of total potassium in the feed additive:
Then, the Community Reference Laboratory for bluetongue in Pirbright (United Kingdom) has confirmed the occurrence of bluetongue and that the virus in question is of serotype 8.
The gypsum boards may be fixed using screws or nails fixed through the thickness of the gypsum boards into the solid substrate or may be bonded to the substrate using “dabs” of a gypsum based adhesive as specified in EN 14496.
the distinguishing sign of the Member State issuing the card, printed in negative in a blue rectangle and encircled by 12 yellow stars; the distinguishing signs shall be as follows:
holders of diplomatic and service passports. For Poland:
Whereas tourism in the Community will have to show consideration for local populations and for the natural and cultural environment in order to improve the quality of services offered;
Programmes to reduce pollution by List II substances including List I candidates (**)
How many monitoring stations for List I candidates and List II substances are operating?
Processing of 1,2-dichloroethane into substances other than vinyl chloride such as ethylene diamine, ethylene polyamine, 1,1,1-trichloroethane, trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene
to carry out storage, tipping or injection operations?
Provide a list of disposal and tipping sites (other than those listed under 2(b)) which are currently recorded on the inventory of authorizations required by Article 15.
Thaumatin is obtained by aqueous extraction (pH 2,5 to 4) of the arils of the fruit of the natural strain of Thaumatococcus daniellii (Benth) and consists essentially of the proteins thaumatin I and thaumatin II together with minor amounts of plant constituents derived from the source material Einecs
Recent developments in technical knowledge on formu­ lating fish feed with the increasing use of marine crus­ taceans such as marine krill as feed material in fish feed make a review of the maximum level for fluorine in fish feed appropriate.
It results from the opinion of the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) of 22 September 2004 (2) that an increase of the maximum allowable level of fluorine in fish feed would not result in unacceptable risks for animal and public health.
Maximum levels refer to an analytical determination of fluorine, whereby extraction is performed with hydrochloric acid 1 N for 20 minutes at ambient temperature.
As regards nicotine, by Regulation (EU) No (2) provisional MRLs were set for tea, herbal infusions, spices, rose hips and fresh herbs until 14 August 2013, pending the submission and evaluation of new data and information on the natural occurrence or formation of nicotine in the concerned products.
The Commission was informed of a research project which is being carried out to investigate on the sources of nicotine resulting in those crops.
Commission Regulation (EU) No 1019/2013 of 23 October 2013 amending Annex I to Regulation (EC)
The substance Ginseng is included in Annex II to Regu- lation (EEC) No 2377/90 in the category of substances used in homeopathic veterinary medicinal products, for all food-producing species, for use only in homeopathic veterinary medicinal products prepared according to homeopathic pharmacopoeias at concentrations corre- sponding to the mother tincture, and dilutions thereof.
Indeed, recent data from Member States and Switzerland showed concentrations of ESBO in fatty food, such as sauces and vegetables or fish in oil, reaching up to 1 150 mg/kg.
Effects of the following on the magnitude of an induced voltage: magnetic field strength, rate of change of flux, number of conductor turns;
The effect the rate of change of primary current and mutual inductance has on induced voltage;
Aircraft jacking, chocking, securing and associated safety precautions;
Beverages with high caffeine content or foods with added caffeine
herb, a spice or mixtures thereof;
The collagen/meat protein ratio is expressed as the percentage of collagen in meat protein.
For a Class 1 medical certificate, estimation of serum lipids, including cholesterol, shall be required at the examination for the first issue of a medical certificate, and at the first examination after having reached the age of 40.
Applicants with diabetes mellitus requiring insulin shall be assessed as unfit.
// Motorcycles fitted with a manual override having X forward-gear positions // 2.1.4.3.2.2.1.
After two minutes lift one side of the tissues to transfer the prills to the filter papers beneath and spread them evenly over these with the brush.
It may be necessary to adjust the suction-regulating valve (G) to control the nitrogen flow since it is possible that the barium carbonate precipitated during the test may block the sintered-glass discs.
Weigh, to the nearest 0,1 mg, 3,7276 grams of analytical-grade potassium chloride, previously dried for one hour in an oven at 130 °C and cooled in a desiccator to ambient temperature.
Add 5 ml of the nitric acid solution (3.2), 120 ml of the acetone (3.1) and sufficient water to bring the total volume to about 150 ml.
Add 20 ml of water, 5 ml of nitric acid solution (3.2), 120 ml of acetone (3.1) and sufficient water to bring the total volume to about 150 ml.
Then insert a small dressmaking pin (3.12) transversally into the textile sleeve of the lengths of cord 5 to 6 mm from each of their ends and apply adhesive around the outside of the lengths of cord in a band 2 cm wide adjacent to the pin.
Then insert the wooden disc (;) carrying the seven lengths of detonating cord into the top of the cylinder and press it down onto the explosive.
Adjust the height of the cylinder (64 to 67 mm) so that its top edge does not extend beyond the level of the wood.
Finally, fix the cylinder to the wooden disc with staples around its entire circumference.
Place the plastic explosive into the cylinder (3.8) standing upright on a level surface, then press it down with a wooden die to give the explosive a cylindrical shape with a central recess.
Annex III, part 1, is amended as follows:
Whereas in item 28 in the aforementioned Annex there is no need to distinguish between the different types of polyamide or nylon, the agreed allowances for which should therefore be brought into line;
with cotton (5), cupro (19), modal (20), viscose (23), acrylic (24), chlorofibres (25), polyamide or nylon (28), polyester (29), polypropylene (31), elastane (37) and glass fibre (38).
when it cannot assess whether the LAG is benign or not;
THE BASE OR UNDERLYING MATERIAL OF TEXTILE PRODUCTS WHICH SERVE AS A BACKING FOR THE USE-SURFACE , IN PARTICULAR IN BLANKETS AND DOUBLE FABRICS , AND THE BACKINGS OF VELVET OR PLUSH FABRICS AND KINDRED PRODUCTS SHALL NOT BE REGARDED AS BACKINGS TO BE REMOVED ,
FIBRE FORMED OF LINEAR MACROMOLECULES HAVING IN THEIR CHAIN MORE THAN 50 % BY MASS OF CHLORINATED VINYL OR CHLORINATED VINYLIDENE MONOMERIC UNITS  .
: THE WORDS   POLYAMIDE ( 6-6 )   ,   POLYAMIDE 6   AND   POLYAMIDE 11   ARE FOLLOWED BY THE WORDS   OR NYLON   IN ALL CASES;
for electronic recording equipment, as defined in point 7 of Chapter II, any interruption exceeding 100 milliseconds in the power supply of the recording equipment (except lighting), not later than at switching-on the power supply again,
In addition, carbon markets can be an effective way to transfer finance to developing countries and help us meet the USD 100 billion international finance package agreed in Copenhagen.
on the organisation of a temporary experiment providing for certain derogations for the marketing of populations of the plant species wheat, barley, oats and maize pursuant to Council Directive 66/402/EEC (notified under document C(2014) 1681) (Text with EEA relevance) (2014/150/EU)
The codes laid down in the SBS Regulation have 5 characters (see list below)
Radioactive caesium binders (137Cs and 134Cs):
Human beings and the natural environment in coastal areas and in the vicinity of ports are particularly affected by pollution from ships with high sulphur fuels.
National regulations in the field of architecture and on access to and the pursuit of the professional activities of an architect vary widely in scope.
for officer in charge of a navigational watch (námořní poručík), • approved seagoing service in the capacity of deck assistant on ships of 500 gross tonnage or more for not less than six months in the case of a graduate of a maritime college or academy, or one year in the case of a graduate of an approved course, including not less than six months in the capacity of a rating forming a part of a navigational watch;
Manufacturing and processing of textile materials on cotton machinery 234
The calculated acceleration shall be determined in accordance to the formula in point 4.1.2.1.2 of Annex II and reported to the second digit after the decimal place (awot,test,kj).
Where incorporation of such a part is unavoidable, its method of attachment shall be such that removal is not facilitated easily (e.g. with conventional threaded fixings) and shall also be attached such that removal causes permanent/irrecoverable damage to the assembly.
The requirements set out in this Annex shall be applied where foodstuffs are analysed for the official control of the levels of 2,3,7,8-substituted polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (dioxin-like PCBs) and for other regulatory purposes.
P264 Þvoið … vandlega eftir meðhöndlun. P270 Neytið ekki matar, drykkjar eða tóbaks við notkun þessarar vöru. P271 Notið eingöngu utandyra eða í vel loftræstu rými. P272 Ekki skal farið með vinnuföt af vinnustað hafi þau óhreinkast af efninu. P273 Forðist losun út í umhverfið.
All the above information that is available on a substance shall be used in determining the need for in vivo skin irritation testing.
However, if on the basis of the evidence, it can be demonstrated that these substances induce symptoms of asthma by irritation only in people with bronchial hyper reactivity, they should not be considered as respiratory sensitisers.
In rabbits, the body weight gain may not be useful indicators of maternal toxicity because of normal fluctuations in body weight during pregnancy.
Substances in Category 1 include but are not limited to certain hydrocarbons, turpentine and pine oil.
reaction mass of complexes of: titanium, 2,2'-oxydiethanol, ammonium lactate, nitri- lotris(2-propanol) and ethylene glycol 405-250-8
Benzol forerunnings (coal); Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling; [The distillate from coke oven light oil having an approximate distillation range below 100 oC (212 oF).
residues; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling;
[The residue obtained from coal tar oil by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide after the removal of crude coal tar acids.
residues;
for each standby and/or off mode:
Product obtained from crude potassium salts enriched by blending with potassium chloride 18 % K2O
Product containing as its essential ingredients calcium hydroxide and magnesium hydroxide, obtained by burning and slaking, of natural deposits of dolomite.
Liming materials The tolerances allowed in respect of the declared calcium and magnesium shall be: Magnesium oxide:
DL-methionine protected with copolymer vinylpyridine/ styrene
Magnesium expressed as total magnesium oxide Total nitrogen Ammoniacal nitrogen Nitric nitrog Total magnesium oxide and possibly, water-soluble magnesium oxide 1
Water-soluble product obtained by combining cobalt chemically with a chelating agent 2 % water-soluble Co, at least 8/10 of the declared value of which has been chelated Name of the chelating agent
If this does not happen, the carbonate removal process must be repeated.
Displacement of ammonia by means of an excess of sodium hydroxide; distillation; determining the yield of ammonia in a given volume of a standard sulphuric acid and titration of the excess acid by means of a standard solution of sodium or potassium hydroxide.
Transfer quantitatively the sample into the 500-ml graduated Stohmann flask, washing the mortar, pestle and funnel with water.
solely in the presence of ammoniacal nitrogen and ammoniacal plus nitrate nitrogen, by applying Method 1, • in the presence of urea nitrogen and/or cyanamide nitrogen by cold distillation after making slightly alkaline, the ammonia being absorbed in a standard solution of sulphuric acid and determined as described in Method 2.1;
All the straight and compound phosphate fertilisers, in which the phosphate occurs in an alumino-calcic form.
Calcium, magnesium, sodium and sulphur in the form of sulphates are extracted from a test sample of five grams weighed to within one milligram.
However, when the fertiliser contains more than 15 % of sulphur (S) i.e. 37,5 % SO3, and more than 18,8 % of calcium (Ca) i.e. 26,3 % CaO, the extraction of calcium and sulphur is carried out on a test sample of one gram, weighed to within one milligram.
Second titration: with EDTA of Ca in the presence of calcein or of calcon carbonic acid.
The turning of the indicator may also be observed easily by placing the beaker on frosted glass lit moderately from below (25 watt lamp)
Note Where the boron content of an extract is to be determined, do not use borosilicate glassware.
Determination of cobalt in fertiliser extracts by atomic absorption spectrometry • Scope
Determination of manganese in fertiliser extracts by atomic absorption spectrometry • Scope
Active chlorine: mixture of hypochlorous acid and sodium hypochlorite produced in situ Mixture
Reaction products of urea, ethylene glycol and formaldehyde Mixture
Water-soluble product containing cobalt chemically combined with one authorised complexing agent 5 % of water-soluble Co and the complexed fraction must be at least 80 % of the water-soluble cobalt The designation must include the name of the authorised complexing agent that can be identified by a European Standard Water-soluble cobalt (Co)
Water-soluble product containing manganese chemically combined with one authorised complexing agent 5 % of water-soluble Mn and the complexed fraction must be at least at least 80 % of the water-soluble manganese The designation must include the name of the authorised complexing agent that can be identified by a European Standard Water-soluble manganese (Mn) Total manganese (Mn) complexed’
OJ L 35, 8.2.2012, p. OJ L 38, 11.2.2012, p. Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 131/2012 of 15 February 2012 concerning the authorisation of a preparation of caraway oil, lemon oil with certain dried herbs and spices as a feed additive for weaned piglets (holder of authorisation Delacon Biotechnik GmbH) (6) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Some food additives are currently listed under various names (carboxy methyl cellulose (E 466), cross-linked sodium carboxymethylcellulose (E 468), enzymatically hydrolised carboxymethylcellulose (E 469) and beeswax, white and yellow (E 901)) in various provisions of Directive 95/2/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (2).
Minor amounts of oils and resins naturally occurring in turmeric may be present.
This is accom­ plished by heating indigo (or indigo paste) in the presence of sulphuric acid.
Definition Plain caramel is prepared by the controlled heat treatment of carbohy­ drates (commercially available food grade nutritive sweeteners which are the monomers glucose and fructose and/or polymers thereof, e.g. glucose syrups, sucrose, and/or invert syrups, and dextrose).
Definition Mixed carotenes may also be produced from strains of the algae Duna­ liella salina, grown in large saline lakes located in Whyalla, South Australia.
A wide variety of other coloured compounds is known to be present.
Certain rutile grades of titanium dioxide are produced using mica (also known as potassium aluminum silicate) as a template to form the basic platelet structure.
The surface of the mica is coated with titanium dioxide using a specialised patented process.
All of the mica is removed during this process and the resulting product is a platelet form of rutile titanium dioxide.
Synonyms CI Pigment Red 57; Rubinpigment; Carmine 6B
Molecular weight 3 354,12 Assay Nisin concentrate contains not less than 900 units per mg in a mixture of non-fat milk solids and a minimum sodium chloride content of 50 %
Solid (dry ice) forms usually contain added substances, such as propylene glycol or mineral oil, as binders Identification
Description White or yellowish, white powder with a citrus-like odour
Starch or dextrin Boil a 1 in 50 solution of the gum and cool.
Definition Carboxy methyl cellulose is the partial sodium salt of a carboxymethyl ether of cellulose, the cellulose being obtained directly from strains of fibrous plant material
Definition Enzymatically hydrolysed carboxymethylcellulose is obtained from carboxymethylcellulose by enzymatic digestion with a cellulase produced by Trichoderma longibrachiatum (formerly T. reesei)
Other nucleotides Not detectable by thin-layer chromatography
Synonyms Cyclohexylsulphamic acid; Cyclamate
Pelicaniformes (e.g. pelicans, cormorants)
Crocodylia (e.g. crocodyles and alligators)
Movement of circus and fairground animals D2 To a zoo
Cotton and other natural cellulosic seed fibres (hereinafter referred to as cotton) shall not contain more than 0,05 ppm (sensibility of the test method permitting) of each of the following substances: aldrin, captafol, chlordane, DDT, dieldrin, endrin, heptachlor, hexachlorobenzene, hexachlorocyclohexane (total isomers), 2,4,5-T, chlordime- form, chlorobenzilate, dinoseb and its salts, monocrotophos, pentachlorophenol, toxaphene, methamidophos, methylparathion, parathion, phosphamidon.
General specification for electrodeposited coatings of Ni-Cr EN60335-1
Furthermore, the sanitary tapware equipped with a sensor shall have an in-built ‘security technical feature’ with a pre-set shut-off time of maximum 2 minutes to prevent an accident or continuous water flow from taps or showers when not in use.
Tin, bismuth, molybdenum, titanium: these reference values are based on provisional values recommended by a toxicology expert (Fawell, 2003).
In addition, processing studies are not normally required for plants or plant products mostly eaten raw except for those with inedible portions such as citrus, banana or kiwi fruit where data on the distribution of the residue in peel/ pulp may be required.
After identification of the constituents of the textile, the non-fibrous material is removed by suitable pre-treatment and then the fibres are separated by hand, dried and weighed in order to calculate the proportion of each fibre in the mixture.
wool (1), animal hair (2 and 3), silk (4), cotton (5), flax (7), true hemp (8), jute (9), abaca (10), alfa (11), coir (12), broom (13), ramie (14), sisal (15), cupro (21), modal (22), protein (23), viscose (25), acrylic (26), polyamide or nylon (30) and polyester (31).
The percentage of polypropylene is found by difference.
The cryoscope must not be exposed to sunlight or draught and room temperature over 26-27 oC.
Add the agar and heat to boiling, stirring continuously until the agar is completely dissolved, or steam for about 30 minutes.
If it is not possible to test the samples within 24 hours, they should be maintained in deep-freeze (- 30 to - 15 oC) to minimize inactivation of penicillin.
Scope and field of application The procedure specifies the confirmatory test for penicillins or antibiotics besides penicillins and procedure for determination of the penicillin concentration in milk samples with positive (A.7.1) or dubious reaction (A.7.2).
For the quantification of inhibitory substances (8) make standard penicillin solutions in inhibitor-free milk (A.5.3) with the following concentrations:
organize each year workshops which will treat different themes related to the security of EDI messages,
The prohibition laid down in paragraph 1 does not apply to batches of crustaceans and molluscs taken from waters which have been approved to be free of toxine by the competent authorities or which have been subjected to analysis carried out by the competent authority and showing a level of PSP toxine of less than 80 microgrammes per 100 grammes in accordance with the biological testing method.
The equivalent in national currency of one million euro shall initially be the equivalent in national currency of one million European units of account that were applicable on 5 March 1979.
The sugars formed are hydrolysed with hydrochloric acid and the glucose formed is determined by the Luff-Schoorl method.
Transfer the extraction residue to a mortar and grind finely.
The coloured complex is extracted with butanol and the optical density of the solution is measured at 555 nm.
Add 5 70 g of sodium chloride (3.11) and 10.0 ml of n-butanol (3.12), shake vigorously until the sodium chloride has completely dissolved.
Ammoniacal ethanol : mix one volume of ethanol (3.7) with one volume of ammonia (3.9).
Mix by a rotatory movement during the first five minutes, in which time the contents of the flask should have attained the temperature of the bath.
The kilogram is the unit of mass; it is equal to the mass of the international prototype of the kilogram.
Unit of time The second is the duration of 9 192 631 770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium 133 atom.
Unit of electric current (CIPM (1946), resolution 2, approved by the ninth CGPM (1948)).
The names and symbols of the decimal multiples and submultiples of the unit of mass are formed by attaching prefixes to the word  gram  and their symbols to the symbol g .
Where a derived unit is expressed as a fraction, its decimal multiples and submultiples may be designated by attaching a prefix to units in the numerator or the denominator, or in both these parts.
The electronvolt is the kinetic energy acquired by an electron passing in a vacuum from one point to another whose potential is one volt higher.
Reference to the magnitude of the effect may only be made for foods within the following categories: yellow fat spreads, dairy products, mayonnaise and salad dressings.
At the moment of submission of the first application, the applicant shall be required to appear in person.
Commission Regulation (EC) No 379/2009 of 8 May 2009 concerning the authorisation of a new use of 6-phytase EC 3.1.3.26 as a feed additive for chickens for fattening, turkeys for fattening, laying hens, ducks for fattening, piglets (weaned), pigs for fattening and sows (holder of the authorisation Danisco Animal Nutrition, legal entity Danisco (UK) Limited)10 is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
Member States in which the area under vines does not exceed 500 hectares and wine production does not exceed 50 000 hectolitres should be empowered to exclude certain information from the declarations and exempt producers from submitting one or other declarations in circumstances to be determined.
The substances responsible for the active and/or intelligent function can be contained in a separate container, for example, inclusion in a small paper sachet or, the substances can be directly incor­ porated into the packaging material, for example, incor­ poration in the plastic of a plastic bottle.
The net assets of Subsidiary A at the start of the reporting period are JPY 400 000 million including the proceeds of the external borrowing of US$300 million.
that part of the department of Var situated between the sea and a line bounded by the communes (which are themselves included) of Evenos, Le Beausset, Solliès-Toucas, Cuers, Puget-Ville, Collobrières, La Garde- Freinet, Plan-de-la-Tour and Sainte-Maxime, • in the cantons of Olette and Arles-sur-Tech in the department of Pyrénées-Orientales;
The quantity of alcohol contained in those by-products shall be decided by Member States at a level at least equal to 5 % in relation to the volume of alcohol contained in the wine produced.
For the tests described in this Annex, field strengths shall be expressed in volts/m and injected current shall be expressed in milliamps.
Immunity tests can then be carried out by varying the frequency of the induced signals.
This method calibrates the bulk current injection system forward power versus current prior to testing, and it is this forward power which shall be applied to the injection probe when connected to the ESA under test via the cables used during calibration.
In order to check compliance with the requirement in point 2.2.1.2, the tractor shall describe a spiral movement at a speed of 10 kilometres per hour, starting from the straight ahead position, on a dry, flat road surface offering good tyre adhesion.
concrete, bricks, tiles and ceramics
Natural mixture of aluminium silicates, alka- lines and alkaline-earth and aluminium hydrosilicates, natrolite (43-46,5 %) and feld- spar All species or cat- egories of animals
It may not be disposed of into the sector of alcohol destined for comestible use.
providing the information and carrying out the research necessary to adjust production towards products more suited to market requirements and consumer tastes and expectations, in particular with regard to product quality and protection of the environment;
use of carbon dioxide, argon or nitrogen, either alone or combined, solely in order to create an inert atmosphere and to handle the product shielded from the air;
the addition, in the production of sparkling wine, of thiamine and ammonium salts to the basic wines, to encourage the growth of yeasts, under the following conditions:
for growth factors, thiamine in the form of thiamine hydrochloride, within certain limits;
addition of caramel within the meaning of Directive 94/36/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 1994 on colours for use in foodstuffs (1) to reinforce the colour of liqueur wines and liqueur wines psr;
210 milligrams per litre for white and rose wines.
Amines, C10-16-alkyldimethyl, N-oxides PT 274-687-2 70592-80-2 2 Quaternary ammonium compounds, di-C8-18-alkyldimethyl, chlorides (see entry 949) IT 277-453-8 73398-64-8 1, 2, 3, 4, 8,
power factor range at least from cosφ = 0,5 inductive to cosφ = 0,8 capacitive.
Notwithstanding Article 1(30), the presence in the herbal medicinal product of vitamins or minerals for the safety of which there is well-documented evidence shall not prevent the product from being eligible for registration in accordance with paragraph 1, provided that the action of the vitamins or minerals is ancillary to that of the herbal active ingredients regarding the specified claimed indi- cation(s).
The exhaust backpressure or restriction shall follow the same criteria as above, and may be set with a valve.
Optionally, air to fuel ratio measurement equipment, such as a zirconia type sensor, may be used for the measurement of the relative air to fuel ratio in accordance with the specifications of clause 1.4.4.
The global warming potential (GWP) is calculated in terms of the 100-year warming potential of one kilogram of a gas relative to one kilogram of CO2.
upshifts or downshifts for up to four seconds are replaced by the gear before, if the gears before and after are identical, e.g. 2 3 3 3 2 shall be replaced by 2 2 2 2 2, and 4 3 3 3 3 4 shall be replaced by 4 4 4 4 4 4.
linear least-square fit is performed to generate the calibration equations which have the formula:
In cases where openings are not normally sealed on the fuel tank (such as hose-connection fittings and vents in fuel caps), these openings may be sealed using non-permeable fittings such as metal or fluoropolymer plugs.
Theoretical example of the plotted type I total hydrocarbon (THC) emission test results, the plotted type I THC Euro 4 test limit (170 mg/km) and the best-fit straight trend line of a Euro 4 motorcycle (L3e with vmax > 130 km/h ), all versus accumulated mileage
Electric energy consumption shall be expressed in Watt hours per kilometre (Wh/km) and the range in kilo­ metres, both rounded to the nearest whole number.
generic thematic classifier to enable the reclassification of Geologic Features with user defined classes appropriate to thematic maps.
Sedimentary material in which at least
Values for thematic classification of geologic features.
Thematic Classification (ThematicClassificationValue) List of thematic classifications for geologic features.
projection of the feature to the ground surface (as a representative point, curve or bounding polygon) to be used by an INSPIRE view service to display the spatial object location on a map.
The elevation has been captured at the highest point of the construction, including the installations, such as chimneys and antennas.
Mining and extraction of coal, lignite, peat, petroleum, natural gas, uranium and thorium.
Areas dominantly used for temporary dwellings (camps of migrant people), holiday residences (summer cottages), etc.
An existing land use grid is a collection of pixels for which information on existing (present or past) land use is provided.
Mineral occurrences including Beryl­ lium; Bismuth; Cadmium; Germanium, Gallium; Hafnium; Mercury; Indium; Li­ thium; Rubidium, Cesium; Rhenium; Rare Earths (undifferentiated); Anti­ mony; Selenium; Tantalum; Tellurium; Titanium (ilmenite, rutile); Zirconium (zircon, baddeleyite).
Mineral occurrences including Dia­ mond (industrial and gemstone); Emer­ ald; Ruby, Sapphire, Corundum (gem­ stone); Beryls, quartz, tourmalines, gar­ nets, topaz, peridot, zircon, etc. (gem­ stones).
speciality and other in­ dustrial rocks and min­ erals Mineral occurrences including Abras­ ives: garnet, staurolite, corundum; As­ bestos (antophyllite, chrysotile, croc­ idolite); Attapulgite, sepiolite (clay); Bentonite (clay); Limestone, calcite (fil­ ler); Diatomite (kieselguhr); Graphite; Mica; Perlite; Quartz (massive / block for ferrosilicon); Quartz, optical & pie­ zoelectrical use; Silica sand; Talc, pyro­ phyllite; Vermiculite; Wollastonite.
Carbonatites are intrusive carbonate-mineral- rich igneous rocks, many of which contain distinctive abundances of apatite, magnetite, barite, and fluorite, that may contain econ­ omic or anomalous concentrations of rare earth elements, phosphorus, niobium, ura­ nium, thorium, copper, iron, titanium, barium, fluorine, zirconium, and other rare or incompatible elements.
They may also be sources of mica or vermiculite.
Pegmatites tend to occur in the aureoles of granites in most cases, and are usually gra­ nitic in character, often closely matching the compositions of nearby granites.
Pegmatites are coarse-grained rocks, mainly composed of quartz, feldspar and mica and are important because they often contain rare earth min­ erals and gemstones, such as aquamarine, tourmaline, topaz, fluorite, apatite and co­ rundum, often along with tin and tungsten minerals, among others.
Examples of products belonging to such a range would be whisky and gin sold to bars and restaurants, and different materials for packaging a certain category of goods sold to producers of such goods.
Mandarins (including clementines and other hybrids)
HTLV-I antibody testing must be performed for donors living in or originating from high-incidence areas or with sexual partners originating from those areas or where the donor’s parents originate from those areas; certain circumstances, additional testing may be required depending on the donor’s history and the characteristics of the tissue or cells donated (e.g. RhD, malaria, CMV, T. cruzi).
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2018/692 of 7 May 2018 renewing the approval of the active substance zoxamide in accordance with Regulation (EC) No
In studies carried out by the applicant comparing the effectiveness of different emulsifiers for further fat reduction in emulsified sauces, polyglycerol polyricinoleate (E 476) gave the best results both in terms of physical as well as organoleptic properties of the obtained emulsified sauce.
If air bubbles appear in the pipette tip, the test article is removed (expelled) and the process repeated until the tip is filled without air bubbles.
The wine sector conducted new scientific studies on the allergenicity of casein and ovalbumin, derived from milk and egg respectively, used as fining agents in the wine­ making.
B16 As a practical expedient, if an entity has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the entity's performance completed to date (for example, a service contract in which an entity bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the entity may recognise revenue in the amount to which the entity has a right to invoice.
The identification of the food and feed referred to in paragraph 1 for official controls shall be made on the basis of the codes from the Combined Nomenclature and the TARIC sub-division indicated in Annex I.
Ginger, saffron, turmeric (curcuma), thyme, bay leaves, curry and other spices
Description (7) ex 1704 90 Sugar confectionery (including white chocolate), not containing cocoa, other than chewing gum, whether or not sugar-coated
This includes, for instance, transport of luggage provided as part of carriage of passengers, minor transport services such as carriage of passengers as part of a guided tour or transfers between a hotel and an airport or a railway station, meals, drinks and cleaning provided as part of accommodation, or access to on-site facilities such as a swimming pool, sauna, spa or gym included for hotel guests.
Following the successful outcome of EFSA's risk assessment, the ensilage of fish material should be added to the list of alternative processing methods in Chapter IV of Annex IV to Regulation (EU) No. Annex IV to Regulation (EU) No should be amended accordingly.
guano from wild sea birds, collected in the Union or imported from third countries;
An application for the extension of the existing entry for doxycycline to rabbits has been submitted to the European Medicines Agency.
The Authority adopted a favourable scientific opinion (2) on a possible extension of the use of the substance kaolin (FCM No 410) to include particles in the nanoform with a thickness less than 100 nm and incorporated up to 12 % in ethylene vinyl alcohol (EVOH) copolymer.
For the purpose of this Directive, the fraction of creosote which exceeds this value of vapour pressure at 293,15 K shall be considered as a VOC;
contained conditions shall mean conditions under which an installation is operated such that the VOCs released from the activity are collected and discharged in a controlled way either via a stack or abatement equipment and are therefore not entirely fugitive;
Manufacturing of coating preparations, varnishes, inks and adhesives
Any reproduction activity of text and/or images in which, with the use of an image carrier, ink is transferred onto whatever type of surface.
Threshold for rotary screen printing on textile and on cardboard.
headlamp (HCR) with a passing beam designed for right-hand and left-hand traffic and driving beam with a maximum intensity comprised between 86 250 and 101 250 candelas (as indicated by the number 30) approved in accordance with Annex V to Directive 76/761/EEC, sequence No 02, and incorporating a lens of plastic material (PL);
Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to Apiaceae (Umbelliferae) (aniseed, caraway, celery, coriander and dill) or to anethole.
carbendazim and thiophanate-methyl: frozen, canned, preserved and processed products of grapefruits, oranges and tomatoes;
Given that the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) concluded in its opinion of 25 March 2009 (2) that the presence of nitrite in animal products does not raise any concern for human health, the products concerned should be exempted for the time being from the maximum level for nitrite in feed materials, while nitrite levels in those products and appropriate methods of analysis are further examined.
Maximum levels refer to an analytical determination of fluorine, whereby extraction is performed with hydrochloric acid 1 N for 20 minutes at ambient temperature.
The polishing of dehulled grain, e.g. rice, by rotation in drums resulting in a grain with a bright, shiny appearance.
for fluorinated refrigerants, the GWP values shall be those published in the Third Assessment Report (TAR), adopted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (2) (2001 IPCC GWP values for a 100 year period);
Given a calendar minute, if DRIVING is registered as the activity of both the immediately preceding and the immediately succeeding minute, the whole minute shall be regarded as DRIVING.
the distinguishing sign of the Member State issuing the card, printed in negative in a blue rectangle and encircled by 12 yellow stars.
pulse 5: Vs = + 65 V Ri = 3 ohms td = 100 ms Pulse 5 shall be tested only for vehicle units designed to be installed in vehicles for which no external common protec­ tion against load dump is implemented For load dump proposal, refer to ISO 16750-2, 4th edition, chapter 4.6.4 • TACHOGRAPH CARDS FUNCTIONAL TESTS
So the resolution is 1/1000 of minute or 1/60000 of degree (because one minute is 1/60 of a degree).
For example, a value of 150, represent a weight of 1 500 Kgs.
In the context of a procedure for the authorisation of the use of a plant protection product containing the active substance spirotetramat on kaki, an application was submitted in accordance with Article 6(1) of Regulation (EC) No for modification of the existing MRLs.
The valve outlet shall be connected to an overflow at the gas analyzer system's probe or to an overflow fitting between the probe and transfer line to all the analyzers being verified.
The valve shall be switched to start the flow of zero gas;
If it is chosen to demonstrate compliance with point 8.1.5.3(b)(i) the following procedure has to be applied: The rise times (in s) shall be multiplied by their respective recording frequencies in Hertz (1/s).
Each weight's force shall be determined by multiplying its internationally-traceable mass by the local acceleration of Earth's gravity.
The following sample dryer verification procedure method shall be used to determine sample dryer performance, or good engineering judgment shall be used to develop a different protocol: polytetrafluoroethylene (‘PTFE’) or stainless steel tubing shall be used to make necessary connections;
If the CO2 and H2O levels used are higher than the maximum levels expected during testing, each observed interference value shall be scaled down by multiplying the observed interference by the ratio of the maximum expected concentration value to the actual value used during this procedure.
The sum of the two scaled interference values shall meet the tolerance in point 8.1.9.2.3.
If the humidified NO span gas sample does not pass through a sample dryer, the quench verification calculations in point 8.1.11.
If filters are used, the weight's mass should be about (80 to 100) mg for typical 47 mm diameter filters;
Good engineering judgment shall be used to guess initial values for xH2Oexh, xCcombdry, and xdil/exh.
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 849/2012 of 19 September 2012 concerning the au thorisation of the preparation of citric acid, sorbic acid, thymol and vanillin as a feed additive for chickens for fattening, chickens reared for laying, all minor avian species for fattening and reared for laying and weaned Suidae other than Sus scrofa domesticus (holder of the auth orisation Vetagro SpA) (4) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Pending the re-evaluation of quinine, the use of three quinine salts (FL 14.011, FL 14.152 and FL 14.155) should be restricted to non- alcoholic and alcoholic drinks.
Salts, spices, soups, sauces, salads and protein products 13
Thermal power stations and other combustion installations with a heat output of 300 megawatts or more and nuclear power stations and other nuclear reactors (except research installations for the production and conversion of fissionable and fertile materials, whose maximum power does not exceed 1 kilowatt continuous thermal load).
Whereas methods of education and training for those practising professionally in the field of architecture are at present very varied; whereas, however, provision should be made for progressive alignment of education and training leading to the pursuit of activities under the professional title of architect;
an understanding of the profession of architecture and the role of the architect in society, in particular in preparing briefs that take account of social factors,
Make up to the mark with methanol (4.6) and shake the contents of the flasks until the quinine dissolves.
Determination of chloride Titrate 20 ml solution 5.2 with silver nitrate (3.3) by using the potentiometer (4.2).
In an acidified solution of a cosmetic product, iodate (IO3-) is reduced to iodide (I—) by sulphite and the resulting solution is investigated by means of HPLC.
Whereas the reduction and elimination of lead in petrol may be partly offset by the use of substitute fuel components in petrol and whereas such components may also help to reduce over-consumption of crude oil necessary in refining to produce lead-free petrol;
The term 'stabilizing agents' refers to certain of the substances referred to in the first sub-paragraph added to assist in the prevention of phase separation of petrol/substitute fuel component blends.
It is expected that the number of mandates received by the Panel will increase in the future with the adoption of new vertical legislation in the area of vitamins and minerals added to foods and on food additives, flavourings, and food enzymes.
For other materials, for example, PET the safety of the recycled plastic can be ensured with a lower sorting efficiency as regards to its former use in food contact which is realistically achievable from kerbside collection systems.
For tissue mills: saleable production after the tissue machine before any rewinding processes and excluding any core.
Storing of bales or loose paper under a roof to protect the material from weather influences (moisture, microbio­ logical degradation processes, etc.)
Recovery of gas (including the venting prior to the drum being opened to atmosphere) as a component of refinery fuel gas (RFG)
Reverse flow (blowback) ceramic or sintered metal filters where, after retention at the surface as a cake, the solids are dislodged by initiating a reverse flow.
The determination of the non-methane fraction shall be performed with a heated NMC operated in line with an FID as per sec- tion 3.3.3 by subtraction of the methane from the hydrocarbons.
It is expressed in pascals (Pa) (Type I method).
For sparkling wine, it is more practical to use 105 pascals (105 Pa) or kilopascals (kPa) as the unit of measurement, • they can be from different classes.
, Ebola and monkey pox6 is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
amending Regulation (EC) No as regards the screening of liquids, aerosols and gels at EU airports (Text with EEA relevance)
Information on the micro-organism's resistance or sensitivity to antibiotics or other anti-microbial agents must be provided, in particular the stability of the genes coding for antibiotic resistance, unless it can be justified that the micro-organism has no harmful effects on human or animal health, or that it can not transfer its resistance to antibiotics or other anti-microbial agents.
This has become the Union's second most important sector of the economy, with an annual market of EUR 2 000 billion and employing more than 2 million persons in Europe, a number that is steadily rising.
Where materials are concerned, the aim is to develop intelligent materials which are expected to add considerable value in terms of applications in sectors such as transport, energy, electronics and the biomedical sector and for which there is a potential market of several tens of billions of euro.
In an increasingly demanding competitive environment, foreseeable aviation requirements worldwide correspond to some 14 000 new aircraft over the next 15 years, representing a market worth EUR 1 000 billion.
The implications of climate change for human society and for nature are severe and necessitate mitigation.
The major conclusions of that opinion were, first, that, as concerns excess intake of hormone residues and their metabolites, and in view of the intrinsic prop- erties of hormones and the epidemiological findings, a risk to the consumer has been identified with different levels of conclusive evidence for the six hormones evalu- ated.
As regards the other five hormones (testosterone, progesterone, trenbolone acetate, zeranol and melenges- trol acetate), the SCVPH assessment is that, in spite of the individual toxicological and epidemiological data available, which were taken into account, the current state of knowledge does not make it possible to give a quantitative estimate of the risk to consumers.
Motorcycles or motor tricycles equipped with automatic gearboxes are tested with the highest gear engaged (drive).
Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No , creosote has been evaluated in accordance with Article 11(2) of Directive 98/8/EC for use in product-type 8, wood preservatives, as defined in Annex V to that Directive.
The claim may be used only for food which is at least a source of molybdenum as referred to in the claim SOURCE OF [NAME OF VITAMIN/S] AND/OR [NAME OF MINERAL/S] as listed in the Annex to Regulation (EC) No.
Niacin contributes to normal energy-yielding metabolism The claim may be used only for food which is at least a source of niacin as referred to in the claim SOURCE OF [NAME OF VITAMIN/S] AND/OR [NAME OF MINERAL/S] as listed in the Annex to Regulation (EC) No.
VITAMIN/S] AND/OR [NAME OF MINERAL/S] as listed in the Annex to Regulation (EC) No.
Definition and implementation of supplementary cancer prevention projects for specific groups in different contexts (town planners, environmental specialists, architects, radiologists).
Is usually obtained as the hydrochloride
Member States shall designate the authority or authorities competent to implement the measures which they adopt in application of this Directive and to receive and acknowledge the notifications referred to in Article 8, Article 9 (2) and
In case of digital indication the error of indication shall be corrected for the rounding error.
Repeat test procedures described in section 2.2.3 for simulation script for movement in shadow areas and areas of intermittent reception of navigation signals (given in Table 4) with an urban canyon signal pattern described in Figure 3.
waste machining oils containing halogens (not emulsioned) waste machining oils free of halogens (not emulsioned) waste machining emulsions containing halogens waste machining emulsions free of halogens synthetic machining oils machining sludges spent waxes and fats
If the mill produces different products the total emissions from the mill for each of the parameters must be calculated according to the size of the specific production over the same periods as mentioned for calculation of mass balance for e ch of the parameters.
It is solved by algebra and produces i = 0,1306623 rounded to 13,1 % (or 13,07 % if an accuracy of two decimal places is preferred).
AB Hatchback Saloon (AA) with a hatch at the rear end of the vehicle.
Compressed wood in the form of pellets or briquettes [yes/no]
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRL for fennel no information was available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
On 9 and 10 March 2005, Biohaz adopted an opinion on risk assessment of a revised inspection of slaughter animals in areas with low prevalence of Trichinella.
Pepsin, strength: 1:10 000 NF (US National Formulary) corresponding to 1:12 500 BP (British Pharmacopoeia) and to 2 000 FIP (Fédération internationale de pharmacie), or stabilised liquid pepsin with minimum 660 European Pharmacopoeia units/ml.
The chopped meat is transferred to the 3 litre beaker containing the water, pepsin and hydrochloric acid.
Lastly, 6 g pepsin or 18 ml liquid pepsin is added.
Sugar beet (excluding seed) Oil seed crops Fresh vegetables, melons and strawberries Pasture and meadow, excluding rough grazing Fruit and berry plantations Citrus plantations Olives plantations Vineyards Other crops (fibre crops, etc.) including rough grazings
MOX fuel contains a mixture of Plutonium and Uranium (Mixed Oxide).
Production of Uranium and Plutonium in reprocessing plants Uranium and Plutonium produced during the reference year in reprocessing plants.
Bitumen is often referred to as asphalt and is primarily used for construction of roads and for roofing material.
These are saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons.
When the steering control is struck by a body block released against this control at a relative speed of 24,1 km/h, in accordance with the procedures in Annex III, the force applied to the body by the steering control shall not exceed 1,111 daN.
l where: h1 is the height above the ground, in millimetres, of the abovementioned characteristic point, measured on a vertical screen perpendicular to the vehicle longitudinal median plane, placed at a horizontal distance I; h2 is the height above the ground, in millimetres, of the centre of reference (which is taken to be the nominal origin of the characteristic point chosen in h1); l the distance, in millimetres, from the screen to the centre of reference.
gH 2 O/kg — gramme water per kilogram
Combined water, oxygen, nitrogen and argon: 1,900 μmol/mol.
If the duration of a gear sequence is 2 seconds, it shall be replaced by gear 0 for the 1 st second and for the 2 nd second with the gear that follows after the 2 second period.
O 2 ; Hydrogen (and mixture containing helium or nitrogen):
Following an application from Nutrilinks Sarl, submitted pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No , the Authority was required to deliver an opinion on a health claim related to the effects of KF2BL20, which is a combination of keratin, copper, zinc, niacin, pantothenic acid, pyridoxine and D-biotin, and maintenance of normal hair (Question No EFSA-Q- 1) (6).
Following an application from Nutrilinks Sarl, submitted pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No , the Authority was required to deliver an opinion on a health claim related to the effects of a combination of lycopene, vitamin E, lutein and selenium and protection of the skin from UV-induced damage (Question No EFSA-Q-2) (5).
Reaction mass of N,N- Didecyl-N,N-dimethyl­ ammonium Carbonate and N,N-Didecyl-N,N-dimethyl­ ammonium Bicarbonate EC No: 451-900-9
polynucleotide substances (including gene transfer and antisense substances), consisting of two or more distinct nucleotides where:
After two hours of contact, wash the zinc with distilled water, drain the platinized zinc on several thicknesses of blotting paper, dry and place in a dry bottle.
Chapter 25: Salt; sulphur; earths and stone; plastering materials, lime and cement
If there is a valid statistical relationship between the two variables (ie between the unit prices of Brazilian coffee and Columbian coffee), the slope of the regression line can be used to establish the hedge ratio that will maximise expected effectiveness.
In the context of a procedure for the authorisation of the use of a plant protection product containing the active substance ametoctradin on sage and basil, an application was submitted in accordance with Article 6(1) of Regulation (EC) No for modification of the existing MRLs.
In addition to the form of expression referred to in paragraph 6, in the case of follow-on formula, the declaration on vitamins and minerals in respect of the vitamins and minerals listed in Annex VII to this Regulation may be expressed as a percentage of the reference intakes set out in that Annex in relation to per 100 ml of the food ready for use after preparation in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
The total concentration of nucleotides shall not exceed 1,2 mg/100 kJ (5 mg/100 kcal).
Solid flooring of oak or beech with surface coating Beech: 680
Rectangular wood pieces, with or without rounded corners, mounted horizontally or vertically on a support frame and surrounded by air on all sides, mainly used close to other building elements, both in interior and exterior applications.
Commission Decision 2006/504/EC of 12 July 2006 on special conditions governing certain foodstuffs imported from certain third countries due to contamination risks of these products by aflatoxins (2), has been amended substantially several times.
Scandium Vanadium Manganese Cobalt Copper Yttrium Niobium Hafnium TungstTitanium Chromium Iron Nickel Zinc Zirconium Molybdenum Tantalum Rhenium
Lanthanides (rare earth metals): Lanthanum Praseodymium Samarium Gadolinium Dysprosium Erbium Ytterbium Cerium Neody Europium Terbium Holmium Thulium Lutetium B1130 Cleaned spent precious-metal-bearing catalysts B1140 Precious-metal-bearing residues in solid form which contain traces of inorganic cyanides B1150 Precious metals and alloy wastes (gold, silver, the platinum group, but not mercury) in a dispersible, non-liquid form with appropriate packaging and labeling • This entry does not include scrap from electrical power generation.
spent catalysts containing gold, silver, rhenium, rhodium, palladium, iridium or platinum (except 16 08 07)
http://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/topics/topic/article13.htm • Corresponding to 2232 entries (IDs) in the consolidated list.
http://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/publications.htm • Corresponding to entries ID 2926 and ID 1164 in the consolidated list.
Prior to that, Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 2157/91 of 15 July 1991 concerning the provision of technical assistance to economic reform and recovery in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (OJ L 201, 24.7.1991)
the blood alcohol level shall not exceed 0,2 promille at the start of a flight duty period;
An operator shall establish procedures to ensure that all baggage and cargo on board, which might cause injury or dam- age, or obstruct aisles and exits if displaced, is placed in stowages designed to prevent movement.
An operator shall not operate an aeroplane with a maximum certificated take-off mass exceeding 5 700 kg or having a maximum approved passenger seating configuration of more than nine seats unless it is equipped with at least one crash axe or crowbar located on the flight deck.
If the maximum approved passenger seating configuration is more than 200 an additional crash axe or crowbar must be carried and located in or near the most rearward galley area.
Degreening bananas, kiwis and kakis; Degreening of citrus fruit only as part of a strategy for the prevention of fruit fly damage in citrus; Flower induction of pineapple; sprouting inhibition in potatoes and onions A
However, under certain conditions, that prohibition does not apply to a number of processed animal proteins such as fishmeal, hydrolysed proteins and dicalcium phosphate, the use of which does not present a risk of TSEs nor hampers controls of proteins potentially posing a risk of TSEs.
The prohibitions provided for in Article 7(1) and (2) shall not apply to:
Hexane means a commercial product consisting essentially of acyclic saturated hydrocarbons containing six carbon atoms and distilling between 64 °C und 70 °C.
// // - within zone A  defrosting/demisting  conductors normally in  zigzag  or sinusoidal form having the following dimensions: // // - maximum visible width: 0,030 millimetres, // // - maximum conductor density: // // - if the conductors are vertical: 8/cm, // // - if the conductors are horizontal: 5/cm.
ml of this agar must be introduced into a petri dish of 85 mm diameter, resulting in a depth of 2,6 mm of agar.
ginger  means the edible root of the ginger plant'.
If the tests show a change in the resistance pattern compared to the original figures, the resistant bacteria must be examined for cross-resistance to relevant antibiotics used for treatment of infectious diseases in man and animals.
If escape hatches are fitted they shall be positioned as follows: if there is only one hatch, it shall be situated in the middle third of the vehicle; if there are two hatches, they shall be separated by a distance of at least 2 m measured between the nearest edges of the apertures in a line parallel to the longitudinal axis of the vehicle.
The reopening system may be checked by means of a test bar having a section of height 60 mm, width 30 mm with corners radiused to 5 mm.
The floor escape hatch lock, and not the movement of the hatch itself, shall actuate this device.
Ejectable types shall not become totally detached from the vehicle when operated such that the hatch is not a danger to other road users.
However, this requirement shall not be construed as precluding the possibility of locking the escape hatch for the purpose of securing the vehicle when unattended, provided that the escape hatch can always be opened or removed from the inside by the use of the normal opening or removal mechanism.
the case of a vehicle for up to 22 passengers, in the case of the seating places nearest to the rear corners of the body, the outer rear edge of the free space, viewed in plan, may be rounded to a radius not exceeding 150 mm (see Annex III, figure 17).
Its edges shall be rounded to a radius of curvature of not less than 15 mm.
The study estimated the power consumption of electrical and electronic household and office equipment products sold in the Community related to conditions providing networked standby to be 54 TWh in 2010, corresponding to 23 Mt CO2 emissions.
Where Member States exercise the option to prescribe that the phosphorus, potassium and magnesium contents be expressed in the form of elements, all references in the Annexes to the oxide form shall be expressed in elemental form and the numerical values converted using the following factors:
Determination of the concentration of aflatoxin B1
Poultry suffering from fowl plague, Newcastle disease, rabies, salmonellosis, cholera or ornithosis shall be declared unfit for human consumption.
Purpose and Scope This method makes it possible to determine the amount of chlorine in chlorides which are soluble in water, conventionally expressed as sodium chloride.
The solution is slightly acidified with nitric acid and the chlorides precipitated in the form of silver chloride by means of a solution of silver nitrate.
Active carbon A.R., free from chlorides and not absorbing them.
After eliminating the ethanol, the quantities before and after inversion are determined by the Luff-Schoorl method.
The cavity is closed by a screw-plug of. drawn brass or by a brass plug in the form of a smooth disc.
However, this difference need not be less than twice one of the monetary values specified in item 4.8.1.
ambient lighting conditions of less than 1 000 lux where the indicated speed on the vehicle’s speedometer is still clearly legible (e.g. when speedometer illumination is always on) and the vehicle is not fitted with a non-flashing green tell-tale in compliance with point 2.3.3.7 or a dedicated green closed-circuit tell-tale for the daytime running lamp identified by the appropriate symbol.
Vehicle assembly and construction in the assembly plant(s), in particular the processes relating to the vehicle frame, chassis and/or body and the drivetrain, shall be covered by a quality assurance system to ensure that essential mechanical connections such as welds and threaded connections, as well as other relevant material characteristics, are checked and verified as appropriate.
The Commission considers that there is sufficient evidence of compliance with applicable Indonesian regulations and international safety standards on the part of those air carriers.
Steviol glycosides are non-caloric sweet-tasting constituents which may be used to replace sucrose in the production of mustard thus allowing for an extension of its shelf life and its microbiological stability (decreasing the content of sugar prevents the process of fermentation for which sugar is a substrate) whilst retaining the demanded organoleptic properties of the product.
The fuel/oil mixture ratio must be the ratio which is recommended by the manufacturer as specified in Annex IV, section 2.7.
Appliances used for sewing, knitting, weaving and other processing for textiles Irons and other appliances for ironing, mangling and other care of clothing Toasters
Manufacture of macaroni, noodles, couscous and similar farinaceous products 1544
colouring agent in a number of polymers and paints, as a stabiliser in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) in a number of applications, and cadmium plating is prohibited in a number of applications.
Heat on a hotplate until the manganese is completely dissolved.
Whereas it has been shown that teats and soothers, made of elastomer or rubber, may release N-nitrosamines and substances capable of being converted into N-nitrosamines (N-nitrosatable substances);
Whereas it is necessary to act immediately and therefore this Directive is limited to establishing specific rules regarding the release of N-nitrosamines and N-nitrosatable substances from elastomer or rubber teats and soothers, postponing to a more general directive regarding elastomers and rubber the solution of other problems concerning teats and soothers;
permit, as from 1 April 1994, the trade in and use of teats and soothers complying with this Directive,
The information must include the particle size, critical temperature and, as appropriate, the absolute time, pressure profile, raw material feed-rate and fat recycling rate; and • are accompanied by a health certificate as provided for in Article 29(6).
Revision rates of quarterly data Revision rate for key quarterly variables be­ tween the first and the latest transmissions and average revision rate in subsequent transmissions since the first transmis­ sion Seasonally and calendar ad­ justed gross domestic prod­ uct volume (Table 1) Seasonally adjusted total em­ ployment in thousands of persons (Table 1)
In addition, it concludes that its use with dairy buffaloes is not expected to introduce any additional hazards for users.
Ties, bow ties and cravats (excluding articles of silk or silk waste, knitted or crocheted)
Transfers (decalcomanias); calendars; electronic —
Tubes and pipes, of other cross-section than circular, square or rectangular, and hollow profiles, of steel hot or cold formed and welded 7306.60.9
Parts for machines for assembling electric/electronic lamps, tubes/ valves/flashbulbs, in glass envelopes, for manufacturing/hot working glass/glassware excluding moulds for glass making 8475.90
Where and when appropriate, research conducted by the JRC should be coordinated with the research undertaken under the ‘Themes’ of the ‘Cooperation’ Specific Programme, in order to avoid overlap and duplication.
217Rev2), consideration of genotoxicity potential for alpha, beta unsaturated ketones and precursors from chemical subgroup 4.1 of FGE.
Commission Regulation (EU) 2019/800 of 17 May 2019 amending Annex II to Regulation (EC) No 1333/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the extension of the use of carminic acid, carmine (E 120) in certain meat products traditional in French Overseas Territories1 is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
total energy consumption for the whole pulp and paper production process shall not exceed 30 G joule per Adt of pulp and paper, • purchased energy shall not exceed 18 G joule per Adt of pulp and paper.
Whereas the presence of cholera in Albania is liable to represent a serious danger to public health;
Appropriate scenarios shall be chosen to show the circumstances in which the formula may gen­ erate a low, a medium or a high return, including, where appli­ cable, a negative return for the investor.
either fulfils the conditions set out in paragraph 1(a); or • has been subjected to at least one of the following treatments, followed by an effectiveness check, for the inactivation of possible causative pathogens for African horse sickness, equine encephalo­ myelitis of all types including Venezuelan equine encephalomyelitis, equine infectious anaemia, vesicular stomatitis and glanders (Burkholderia mallei):
Production figure should include Polymer-Modified Asphalt.
Distillates (coal tar), upper Einecs No 266-026-1 CAS No 65996-91-0 • Anthracene oil Einecs No 292-602-7 CAS No 90640-80-5 • Tar Acids, Coal, Crude Einecs No 266-019-3 CAS No 65996-85-2 • Creosote, wood Einecs No 232-419-1 CAS No 8021-39-4 (j) Low temperature tar oil, alkaline Einecs No 310-191-5 CAS No 122384-78-5
When the terminal is operating at peak demand, its loading gantry vapour collection system, including the vapour-recovery unit, is allowed to generate a maximum counterpressure of 55 millibar on the vehicle side of the vapour-collection adapter.
Mercury, silicones and phthalates are suitable for use in the differential manometer, depending on the pressure range and the chemical behaviour of the test substance.
Bias towards over estimating the LWGMD may result from fibre densities in excess of 150 fibres per millimetre of linear traverse.
It describes an element of the transport network, characterized by one or more thematical identifiers and/or properties.
G/04 (c) Vineyards, of which normally producing: table grapes G/04 (d) Vineyards, of which normally producing: raisins G/05 Nurseries
Black, white or red currants and gooseberries 23.104
When treated with medication which carries a risk of inducing hypoglycaemia (that is, with insulin, and some tablets), the following criteria should apply:
Sample phials or flasks fitted with silicon or butyl rubber septa
Formaldehyde is used as a preservative during the manu­ facture of alginic acid, alginate salts and esters of alginic acid.
Wastes, agricultural crop residues, including straw, bagasse, husks, cobs and nut shells, and residues from process­ ing, including crude glycerine (glycerine that is not refined), shall be considered to have zero life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions up to the process of collection of those materials.
Connectors for timber, split ring connectors, cylindrical steel and wood dowels, wood screws, threaded bolts, wood nails.
minimising the use of nitrates in the batch formu­ lation The use of nitrates is applied for special productions (i.e. coloured glass).
(sum of arsenic (As), cadmium (Cd), chromium (Cr), copper (Cu), mercury (Hg), nickel (Ni), lead (Pb), and zinc (Zn)).
Existing quenching towers can be equipped with emissions reduction baffles.
the sampling line must be of inert material (e.g. glass, PTFE, stainless steel) which is not affected by the presence of ozone.
Member States may allow assurance undertakings with head offices in their territories, and whose buildings and land covering their technical provisions exceed, at the time of the notification of this Directive, the percentage laid down in Article 22 (1) (a) a period expiring no later than 31 December 1998 within which to comply with that provision.
Repaving the test area If it is necessary to repave the test track, it is usually unnecessary to repave more than the test strip (of 3 m width in figure 1) where vehicles are driving provided the test area outside the strip met the requirement of residual voids content or sound absorption when it was measured.
If a process is used where addition of nitrate follows removal of whey and addition of water, this should lead to levels identical to those which would have been obtained had the nitrate been added directly to the cheese milk.
bitum• 06 99 wastes not otherwise specified • 13 03 carbon black wastes from fuel storage and preparation of coal-fired power plants 10 03 02 anode scraps 10 03 18 carbon-containing wastes from anode manufacture other than those mentioned in 10 03 17 10 08 13 carbon-containing wastes from anode manufacture other than those mentioned in 10 08 12 • 08 14 anode scrap
waste preparation mixture before thermal processing other than those mentioned in 10 11 09 10 12 01 waste preparation mixture before thermal processing 10 13 01 waste preparation mixture before thermal processing 17 05 04 soil and stones other than those mentioned in 17 05 03 17 05 08 track ballast other than those mentioned in 17 05 07 19 01 99 wastes not otherwise specified
In order to take account of the increased usage of data services and the reduction in cost per unit of data transmitted, the maximum wholesale charge for regulated data roaming services should decrease each year and should be set in euro per gigabytes where a gigabyte is equal to 1 000 megabytes.
In order to ensure the added value, and to maintain the quality of, in particular, cured ham benefitting from a protected designation of origin or a protected geographical indication, Member States should be allowed, subject to strict conditions, to apply rules to regulate the supply of such cured ham, provided that those rules are supported by a large majority of its producers and, where appropriate, by the producers of pigs in the geographical area relating to that ham.
Carrots, turnips, salad beetroot, salsify, celeriac, radishes and similar edible roots, fresh or chilled 0707 00
Peel of citrus fruit or melons (including watermelons), fresh, frozen, dried or provisionally preserved in brine, in sulphur water or in other preservative solutions 0904 21 10
Vegetables, fruit, nuts, fruit-peel and other parts of plants, preserved by sugar (drained, glacé or crystallised), excluding bananas preserved by sugar falling within headings ex 2006 00 38 and ex 2006 00 99 Jams, fruit jellies, marmalades, fruit or nut purée and fruit or nut pastes, obtained by cooking, whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, excluding:
Dates, figs, pineapples, avocados, guavas, mangoes and mangosteens, fresh or dried:
Cinnamon and cinnamon-tree flowers Cloves (whole fruit, cloves and stems) Nutmeg, mace and cardamoms Seeds of anise, badian, fennel, coriander, cumin or caraway; juniper berries Ginger, turmeric (curcuma), bay leaves, curry and other spices excluding thyme and saffron Flour, meal and powder of the dried leguminous vegetables of heading 0713, of sago or of roots or tubers of heading 0714 or of the products of Chapter 8:
In order to ensure that the Programme is sufficiently flexible to respond to changing needs and corresponding policy priorities throughout its duration, the power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 TFEU should be delegated to the Commission concerning modification of the percentages set out in the Annex to this Regu­ lation for each group of specific objectives that would exceed those percentages by more than 5 percentage points.
TEST OF THE SOUND SOURCE FREE OF LOAD ( IDLING ). THE LIFTING MECHANISM SHALL BE OPERATING FREE OF LOAD , WITH ITS DRUM TURNING AT THE ROTATION SPEED CORRESPONDING TO THE MAXIMUM HOOK-DISPLACEMENT SPEED.
TESTS CARRIED OUT UNDER LOAD. THE LIFTING MECHANISM SHALL OPERATE WITH A CABLE TENSION AT THE DRUM CORRESPONDING TO THE MAXIMUM LOAD ( FOR THE MINIMUM RADIUS ) WITH THE HOOK MOVING AT THE MAXIMUM SPEED :
LOCATION AND NUMBER OF MEASURING POINTS. MEASUREMENTS AT GROUND-LEVEL. FOR NOISE MEASUREMENTS AT GROUND-LEVEL , THERE SHALL BE SIX MEASURING POINTS , NAMELY POINTS 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , POSITIONED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 6.4.2.2 OF ANNEX I TO DIRECTIVE 79/113/EEC.
hazardous waste', hereinafter referred to as 'waste', means: - toxic and dangerous waste as defined in Article 1 (b) of Directive 78/319/EEC, except for the chlorinated and organic solvents referred to in points 13 and 14 of the Annex to that Directive,
transfrontier shipment may not be executed before the competent authority of the Member State referred to in paragraph 2 (a) or (b) has acknowledged receipt of the notification.
A SOLUTION OF MERCURIC CHLORIDE MAY BE USED INSTEAD OF FORMALIN TO GIVE A FINAL CONCENTRATION IN THE MILK OF 0,2 % AND , IN SUCH CASES , THE RATIO BETWEEN THE AMOUNT OF MILK AND THE SOLUTION OF MERCURIC CHLORIDE MUST BE 10 TO 1.
Using noise protection walls, natural barriers or embankments to screen noise sources.
EUR 1 billion in gross notional value for OTC credit derivative contracts;
The applicant requests for the authorisation for syrup from Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench to be consumed as such or to be used as a food ingredient by the general population.
The stratum corneum and its lipid composition should be sufficient to resist the rapid penetration of cytotoxic marker chemicals, e.g. SDS or Triton X-100, as estimated by IC50 or ET50 (Table 3).
CytoB is the agent that has been most widely used to block cytokinesis because it inhibits actin assembly, and thus prevents separation of daughter cells after mitosis, leading to the formation of binucleated cells (5) (54) (55).
fibre formed of linear macromolecules having in their chain more than 50 % by mass of chlorinated vinyl or chlorinated vinylidene monomeric units 28
The competent authority may authorise sampling in the last six weeks prior to the date of slaughter in case the turkeys are either kept more than 100 days or fall under organic turkey production according to Commission Regulation (EC) No (1);
Rated peak intensity in candela (cd); Rated beam angle;
NB: CHFC-134a is defined as the number of moles of HFC-134a (nHFC-134a) per mole of air (nair+HFC-134a)
Willingness to have a long commute for a job Respondent is currently commuting or would be willing to commute for longer than one hour (each direction)
This method applies to EEC fertilizers, for which a declaration of the total calcium, total magnesium, total sodium, and total sulphur in the form of sulphates is provided for in Council Directive 89/284/EEC (¹).
Dissolve in water 2,542 grams of sodium chloride (4.4) in a 1 000 millilitre graduated flask.
This Directive shall not apply to embryos resulting from in vitro fertilization nor to embryos subjected to sexing, splitting (twinning), cloning or any manipulation which interferes with the integrity of the 'zona pellucida'.
In the case of full hoses in a measuring system provided with a hose reel, the increase in internal volume due to the change from the coiled position, when not subjected to pressure, to the uncoiled position, when subjected to pressure without any flow of liquid, shall not be more than twice the maximum permissible error for the minimum delivery.
Reduction of nitrates and nitrites to ammonia by means of metallic iron in an acid medium, and displacement of the ammonia thus formed by the addition of an excess of sodium hydroxide : distillation of the ammonia, and determination of the yield of ammonia in a known volume of standard sulphuric acid solution.
the presence of urea nitrogen and/or cyanamide nitrogen by cold distillation after making slightly alkaline, the ammonia being absorbed in a standard solution of sulphuric acid and determined as described in Method 2.1;
The total quantity of citrate used for these processes must be approximately 100 ml. Rinse the pestle and mortar above the graduated flask with 40 ml of distilled water.
Carefully mix in a mortar 1 g of calcein with 100 g of sodium chloride.
Depending on the characteristics of the opacimeter, control of sample pressure can be achieved by a fixed restriction or a butterfly valve in the exhaust pipe or extension pipe.
If the tube is 1 meter or less in length, it shall be insulated with material with a maximum thermal conductivity of 0,05 W/m*K with a radial insulation thickness corresponding to the diameter of the probe.
The light source shall be an incandescent lamp with a colour temperature in the range of 2 800 to 3 250 K or a green light emitting diode (LED) with a spectral peak between 550 and 570 nm.
The data will be contained in a column extending from 30 mm to the left of the right-hand margin of the box to that margin.
Whereas Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1014/90 (2) laid down initial detailed rules; whereas these need to be supplemented;
Whereas, in order to take account of long-established practices existing when Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89 entered into force, it should be permitted that certain composite names of liqueurs may be maintained even though the alcohol is not obtained or is not obtained exclusively from the spirit drink indicated; whereas it is essential to specify the conditions for the description of those liqueurs in order to avoid any risk of confusion with the spirit drinks defined in Article 1 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89;
The actual alcoholic strength by volume indicated on the labelling of liqueur wines, semi-sparkling wines and aerated semi-sparkling wines shall be expressed as a unit or half-unit percentage by volume.
Whereas the development of combined transport would also be facilitated by stimulation measures and whereas it is therefore appropriate to reduce taxation on the use or possession of commercial vehicles to the exent that they are carried by rail and to exempt initial and final road haulage legs from compulsory tariff regulations;
Fishing effort authorized Maximum number of vessels with a length between perpendiculars of not less than 26 metres (1) authorized to fish for demersal species, with the exception of Norway pout and blue whiting (2):
Whereas the provisions of Chilean legislation on health inspection and monitoring of fishery products may be considered equivalent to those laid down in Directive 91/493/EEC;
This ·apparatus consists of a pendulum whose pivot is supported by ball-bearings and whose reduced mass (1) at its centre of percussion is 6,8 kg.
The lower extremity of the pendulum consists of a rigid headform 165 mm in diameter whose centre is identical with the centre of percussion of the pendulum.
Whereas the substance bearing the trade name Ugilec 141 has been on the market since 1981; whereas this substance or preparations containing this substance are currently used as a dielectric fluid in condensers and transformers and as a hydraulic fluid in coal mines; whereas it is recognized that this substance is less dangerous to man and the environment than the PCBs it was designed to replace;
Maximum valve lift, opening and closing angles in relation to the dead centres, or data concerning the settings of other possible systems:
The restriction proposed in the Annex XV dossier aims to reduce the incidence of severe methanol poisoning following consumption by chronic alcoholics and sporadically by non-alcoholics of windscreen washing fluids or denatured alcohol used as a cheap substitute for consumable alcohol.
In the case of single axles, the lower edge of the outer valance may not be situated beyond the following distances and radii, as measured from the centre of the wheel, except at the lowest extremities that may be rounded (Figure 2 of Annex V).
Coal and lignite; peat; crude petroleum and natural gas; uranium and thorium 10, 11, 12
The mixture of 25-hydroxylcholecalciferol with vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) is allowed, provided that the total amount of the mixture does not exceed 0,125 mg/kg complete feedingstuff. Without a time limit
Whereas polyoxyethylene (8) stearate, polyoxyethylene (40) stearate, lactylated fatty acid esters of glycerol and propylene glycol, and dioctyl sodium sulphosuccinate must no longer be used in foodstuffs after a temporary period to allow the sale of foodstuffs containing these substances which are already on the market,
NOT TO BE USED IN COSMETIC SUNSCREEN PRODUCTS // // // // //
The arc tube is first separated from its plastic surrounds and associated electronics.
Specify according to the family corresponding to halogen.
Launching appliances using fall and winch (davits)
Positive tests for cations and for fatty acids
Definition Sucroglycerides are produced by reacting sucrose with an edible fat or oil to produce a mixture of essentially mono-, di- and triesters of sucrose and fatty acids together with residual mono-, di- and triglycerides from fat or oil.
the packages or containers must bear an official label giving at least the following particulars:
the case of cleaning and maintenance works, special procedures such as purging and washing are applied before the system is opened and entered;
masterbatch [3901 10] – cellulose acetate (CA) – cellulose acetate butyrate – epoxy resins [3907 30]
, distillation and storage residues; Coal tar solids residue (Coke- and ash-containing solid residues that separate on distillation and thermal treatment of bituminous coal high temperature tar in distillation installations and storage vessels.
Composed primarily of coal tar and carbonaceous particulate matter.)
the nutrient profile of the product established as provided for by Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. The addition of a vitamin or a mineral to a food shall result in the presence of that vitamin or mineral in the food in at least a significant amount where this is defined according to the Annex to Directive 90/496/EEC.
A unique sympathomimetic agent, which is structurally similar to adrenaline.
Ephedrine lasts minutes to hours and is effective after a single intravenous injection, whereas dobutamine and dopamine last only a few seconds or minutes and must be given by infusion.
Identification of alternatives: butorphanol, fentanyl, morphine and pethidine.
Addition of adrenaline may prolong the effect to two hours, but runs the risk of cutting the local blood supply, and this combination therefore is unsuitable in a number of conditions.
Its effects are similar to those of atropine although they last longer (six hours).
Classroom teachers (ISCED 0-4) and academic staff (ISCED 5-6) by level of education, programme orientation, sex, age, type of institution and employment status Breakdowns
No openings enabling spray to emerge when the vehicle is moving are allowed in the outer valances or between the outer valances and the other parts of the mudguards.
The lower edges of the outer valances must be fitted with air/water separator spray-suppression devices complying with the requirements of Part 3 of Annex III.
No openings enabling spray to emerge are allowed in the outer valances or between the outer valances and the mudguards.
% of water-soluble zinc and at least 80 % of the water-soluble zinc is chelated by authorised chelating agent(s)
The placing on the market, including the import, of guano from wild sea birds is not subject to any animal health conditions.
Using a jack or a hoist, tilt the part of the tractor which is rigidly connected to the axle that bears more than 50 percent of the tractor’s weight, while constantly measuring the angle of inclination.
To ensure that animal health certificates are correctly issued in those cases where certain statements of the model animal health certificates set out in Regulation (EC) No are not relevant and in those cases where they consist of more than one sheet of paper, further clarification should be provided for in the explanatory notes.
Quality control and storage of the isolates The laboratories designated by the competent authority to perform the antimicrobial susceptibility testing of the isolates included in the harmonised monitoring programme, shall be involved in a quality assurance system including proficiency test set up either at national or Union level, in identification, typing and susceptibility testing of the bacteria targeted by the harmonised monitoring of AMR.
The applicability may be restricted by the quality requirements of the produced chlorine (oxygen concen­ tration).
PMMA is an amphetamine analogue very close to PMA which is included in Schedule I to the 1971 United Nations Convention.
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2018/1559 of 17 October 2018 concerning the authorisation of cumin tincture (Cuminum cyminum L.) as a feed additive for all animal species1 is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
Ventilation ducts shall be provided with hatches for inspection and cleaning.
use of enterprise’s blogs or microblogs, not solely used for posting paid adverts,
Allyl cinnamate; 2- Propenyl 3-Phenyl-2- propenoate Allyl cinnamate
Anise, badian, coriander, cumin, caraway, fennel and juniper berries, raw 01.28.15
Other cattle and buffaloes, live and their sem01.42.1 Other cattle and buffaloes, live
Lac, balsams and other natural gums and resins 02.30.2
Fish, otherwise prepared or preserved; caviar and caviar substitutes 10.20.21
Cooking and other preparation services for potatoes and potato products; sub-contracted operations as part of manufac­ turing of processed and preserved potatoes 10.31.91
Prepared perishable food products such as sandwiches and fresh pizza 10.89.17
Polymers of vinyl chloride or of other halogenated olefins, in primary forms 20.16.30
Hormones, derivatives thereof; other steroids, used primarily as hormones 21.10.53
Clasps, frames with clasps, buckles, buckle-clasps, hooks, eyes, eyelets and the like, of base metal, of a kind used for clothing, footwear, awnings, handbags, travel goods or other made-up articles; tubular or bifurcated rivets, of base metal; beads and spangles of base metal 25.99.26
Other ovens; cookers, cooking plates, boiling rings; grillers, roasters 27.51.29
Pianos, organs and other string and wind musical instruments, keyboards; metronomes, tuning forks; mechanisms for musical boxes 32.20.11
Keyboard pipe organs, harmoniums and similar instruments; accordions and similar instruments; mouth organs; wind instruments 32.20.14
Tooth brushes, hair brushes and other toilet brushes for use on the person; artists' brushes, writing brushes and brushes for cosmetics 32.91.19
Construction works in reservoirs, silos and warehouses 41.00.47
Lotteries, numerical games and bingo services 92.00.14
mackerel (Scomber species), tuna (Thunnus species, Katsuwonus pelamis, Euthynnus species), bichique (Sicyopterus lagocephalus)
It shall, however, apply from 19 August 2014, as regards the MRLs for fenvalerate and fludioxonil in mangoes with code number 0163030.
Some of the hexavalent chromium from the fabrication process of photocathodes inevitably remains inside the product that is placed on the market.
they are destined for uses not prohibited by Article 7, • a written agreement with the third country is made prior to exportation, which includes an undertaking from the third country to respect the final use and not to re-export the processed animal protein or products containing such proteins for uses prohibited by Article 7.
Carry out a blank test applying the same procedure to the treated asbestos (3.2), but without the sample.
Transfer the defatted test sample and the asbestos quantitatively to a beaker (4.1) and continue the analysis as shown in 5.
Vacuum evaporation apparatus with round flasks of different capacities.
If the background colour of the packaging or label is dark, the symbols may be used in negative format, using the background colour of the packaging or label.
Whereas such an element isolated from the human body or otherwise produced is not excluded from patentability since it is, for example, the result of technical processes used to identify, purify and classify it and to reproduce it outside the human body, techniques which human beings alone are capable of putting into practice and which nature is incapable of accomplishing by itself;
Whereas, in order to comply with the industrial application criterion it is necessary in cases where a sequence or partial sequence of a gene is used to produce a protein or part of a protein, to specify which protein or part of a protein is produced or what function it performs;
Whereas a plant grouping which is characterised by a particular gene (and not its whole genome) is not covered by the protection of new varieties and is therefore not excluded from patentability even if it comprises new varieties of plants;
sludges from on-site effluent treatment in the preparation and processing of fruit, vegetables, cereals, edible oils, cocoa, coffee, tea and tobacco; conserve production; yeast and yeast extract production, molasses preparation and fermentation.
canoes and kayaks, gondolas and pedalos;
In addition to their shape and size, the chemical and physical proper- ties of konjac are the cause for jelly mini-cups to consti- tute a serious risk to human health.
vessels designed for the transport and distribution of drinks having a PS·V of not more than 500 bar·L and a maximum allowable pressure not exceeding 7 bar;
ICES statistical division III d (commonly known as the Baltic Sea) The waters of the Baltic Sea and its dependent gulfs, bights, and firths bounded to the west by a line from Falsterbo Light on the south-west coast of Sweden across the southern entrance of the OEresund to Stevns Light; then along the south-east coast of Zealand; then across the eastern entrance of the Storstroem Sound; then along the east coast of the island of Falster to Gedset; then to the Darsser-Ort on the coast of Germany.
use of the enterprise's blogs or microblogs, not solely used for posting paid adverts;
Determination of total formate in feed additives: EN 15909 re­ verse phase HPLC with UV de­ tection (RP-HPLC-UV).
Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to Apiaceae (Umbelliferae) (caraway, celery, coriander, dill and fennel) or to anethole.
In the output fraction the cadmium (Cd) contained in slag at the end of the recycling process is not accounted for the rate of recycled cadmium content.
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for oranges, mandarins and maize grain no information was available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
Reversal of a trend shall be indicated by a blue dot on the map.
Buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, yogurt, kephir and other fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavoured or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa.
Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less that 40 % by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or containing less than 5 % by eight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included.
Member States shall ensure the provision of appropriate information to consumers concerning the biofuel, in particu­ lar FAME, content of diesel fuel.
Installations for the capture of CO2 streams for the purposes of geological storage pursuant to Direc­ tive 2009/31/EC from installations covered by this Annex, or where the total yearly capture of CO2 is 1,5 megatonnes or more.
Member States shall ensure that operators of all combustion plants with a rated electrical output of 300 megawatts or more for which the original construction licence or, in the absence of such a procedure, the original operating licence is granted after the entry into force of Directive 2009/31/EC of the European Par­ liament and of the Council of 23 April 2009 on the geological storage of carbon dioxide (*), have assessed whether the follow­ing conditions are met:
Metal ores and other mining and quarrying products; peat; uranium and thorium 04
For the controls referred to in paragraph 1, the consignments shall be selected on the basis of the codes from the Combined Nomenclature indicated in IMSOC in accordance with Article 3(1).
Other (such as reindeer, cats, dogs, lions, tigers, bears, elephants, camels (including dromedaries), zebras, rabbits, hares, deer, antelope (other than those of the sub-family Bovinae), chamois, foxes, minks, and other animals for fur farms).
(ostriches; emus (Dromaius novaehollandiae)
The fragment shall be sequenced using the same primers as were used in the PCR or vector primers if cloned into a vector prior to sequencing.
The results were shown of the surveillance activities on the four Indonesian air carriers which are currently exempted from the general ban on Indonesian air carriers, as well as on the three air carriers present at the hearing.
Pyrroloquinoline quinone disodium salt is a reddish–brown powder produced by the non-genetically modified bacterium Hyphomicrobium denitrificans strain CK-275.
After the cobalt present in the extract has been brought to the cobalt III state, the cobalt is precipitated in an acetic acid medium by a solution of 1-nitroso-2-naphthol.
mg of molybdenyl oxinate, MoO2(C.,H6ON)2, corresponds to 0,2305 mg Mo.
Regulation (EC) No , as amended by Regu­ lation (EC) No (3), permits the use of liquid pepsin for the detection of Trichinella in meat and estab­ lishes its requirements when used as a reagent in methods of detection.
only surface treatment of melons, papaya, mango, and avocado
(Dry curing process involves dry application of curing mixture containing nitrites and/or nitrates, salt and other components to the surface of the meat followed by a period of stabilisation/maturation).
only dry cured bacon and similar products: Dry curing followed by maturation for at least 4 days
Extracts of rosemary mg/kg in the preparation of beta-carotene and lycopene, 5 mg/kg in final product expressed as the sum of carnosic acid and carnosol In beta-carotene and lycopene preapartions
Test chemicals that do not covalently bind to the peptide but promote its oxidation (i.e. cysteine dimerisation) could lead to a potential over estimation of peptide depletion, resulting in possible false positive predictions and/or assignement to a higher reactivity class (see paragraphs 29 and 30).
The synthetic peptides contain phenylalanine to aid in the detection.
Other solvents can be used as long as they do not impact on the stability of the peptide as monitored with reference controls C (i.e. samples constituted by the peptide alone dissolved in the appropriate solvent; see Appendix 3).
The concentration of cysteine or lysine peptide is photometrically determined at 220 nm in each sample by measuring the peak area (area under the curve, AUC) of the appropriate peaks and by calculating the concentration of peptide using the linear calibration curve derived from the standards.
There might be other cases where the overlap in retention time between the test chemical and either of the peptides is incomplete.
The mortality or other adverse effects/disease in both control and treated fish is less than 10 % at the end of the test; where the test is extended over several weeks or months, death or other adverse effects in both sets of fish should be less than 5 % per month and not exceed 30 % in all.
Preferably, the clone should have been identified by genotyping.
The combined vitamin stock solution is prepared by adding the 3 vitamins to 1 litre water, as shown below:
However, this Directive shall not apply to the products defined in Part A of the Annex when they take the following forms: icing sugars, candy sugars, sugars in loaf form.
Discard the first 2 or 3 cm of cream extruded from the tube.
Place the plate for 10 minutes in the chromatography tank with iodine vapour (6.3) and interpret the two-way chromatogram using the Rf and colour values of the reference substances chromatographed at the same time (Table II gives a guide to the Rf values and colours).
This change of colour takes place only after one to two minutes where large quantities of nitrite are present.
After diluting the sample with water and clarifying, the nitrite present is made to react with sulphanilamide and N-1-naphthylethylenediamine and the optical density of the colour obtained is measured at 538 nm.
Silicones and other similar macromolecular compounds shall also be regarded as plastics.
The graduation shall be marked by figures down the side of the scale at least every 5 dm and at the top of the scale.
one bath or shower connected up to hot and cold potable water per accommodation unit or per six crew members;
It is a convenient round number for reference purposes and is only loosely related to manufacturing dimensions.
Given the growing importance of chlorinated persistent contaminants other than PCBs and dioxins, brominated persistent contaminants and fluorinated persistent contaminants for the safety of feed and food, it is also 9.2.2018 L 36/15 Official Journal of the European Union EN (1)OJ L 165, 30.4.2004, p.
In order to use energy efficiently during the production of alumina from bauxite, BAT is to use one or a combination of the techniques given below.
without dilution of the slurry (in contrast to the double-stream digestion
temperature in the digestion process,
b Se and Te recovery from wet or dry gas cleaning dust/ sludge
c Ag, Au, Bi, Sb and Cu recovery from the refining dross
ex 1905 90: pre-cooked or cooked pizza or quiche filled or covered with animal products;
The transatlantic economic relationship is already the world's largest, accounting for half of global economic output and nearly one trillion dollars in goods and services trade, supporting millions of jobs on both sides of the Atlantic.
Consequently, these FTC orders help protect over a billion consumers worldwide, hundreds of millions of whom reside in Europe.
Where a certification scheme allows the mixing of uncertified material with certified and/or recycled materials in a product or production line, a minimum of 70 % of the wood, cork, bamboo or rattan material, as appropriate, shall be sustainable certified virgin material and/or recycled material.
If coconut fibres have been rubberised with latex, then compliance with criterion 7.1 for restricted substances and VOC emissions shall be demonstrated.
G6 (FB_BW > 128 with data width < 192 bits) 76 38 G7 (FB_BW > 128 with data width ≥ 192 bits) 90 48 (1) Categories are defined according to the frame buffer bandwidth in gigabytes per second (GB/s).
Cell cathode materials classified with group 2 and 3 hazards.
— The HDD head should retract from the disc surface in less than or equal to 300 milliseconds upon detection of the notebook having been dropped.
Conducting due diligence in line with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, and (ii) Promoting responsible mineral production and trade within conflict-affected and high-risk areas for the identified minerals as used in components of the product and in accordance with OECD guidance.
Gear dependent engine torque limits set by vehicle control For the highest 50 % of the gears (e.g. for gears 7 to 12 of a 12 gear transmission) the vehicle manufacturer may declare a gear dependent maximum engine torque limit which is not higher than 95 % of the maximum engine torque.
L 349/35 Official Journal of the European Union EN The mean value of the two separate NCV that are not deviating by more than 440 Joule per gram fuel shall be documented in MJ/kg rounded to 3 places to the right of the decimal point in accordance with ASTM E 29-06.
Salad dressings, mayonnaise and spicy sauces shall be packed as single portions.
The term caramel relates to products of a more or less intense brown colour which are intended for colouring.
Hydrated magnesium silicate of sedi- mentary origin, containing at least 40 % sepiolite and 25 % illite.
As regards the list of air carriers, aircraft and oversight activities, DGCA Indonesia issued one new Part-121 AOC and one new Part-135 AOC.
Practical arrangements for official controls for glanders during post-mortem inspection of solipeds 1.
In the case of solipeds originating from a Member State or third country or region thereof not meeting the World Organisation for Animal Health criteria for a glanders-free country, solipeds shall be inspected for glanders by a careful examination of the mucous membranes of the trachea, larynx, nasal cavities and sinuses and their ramifications, after splitting the head in the median plane and excising the nasal septum.
Random testing for histamine shall be carried out to verify compliance with the permitted levels laid down in Regulation (EC) No 2073/2005.
obtained at an airport situated in a third country listed in Attachment 4-D, on condition that the LAG is packed in a STEB inside which satisfactory proof of purchase at airside at that airport within the preceding 36 hours is displayed.
Finland Polska Wódka/Polish Vodka Poland
Svensk Aquavit/Svensk Akvavit/Swedish
suitable for yielding the same sparkling wine or quality sparkling wine with a protected designation of origin as that to which the tirage liqueur is added.
Put two litres of wine into the distillation flask, introduce a few millilitres of ethanol (paragraph 2.1) into the two col­ lecting tubes so that the porous parts of the gas dispersion rods are completely immersed.
One millilitre of this solution oxidizes 7,8924 mg of alcohol.
Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarns, for curtains and blinds (excluding of high tenacity yarn, strip or the like)
Printed books, brochures, leaflets and similar, albums and books for childr4901.99fd p/st
Hydroxide and peroxide of magnesium oxides, hydroxides and peroxides of strontium or barium 2816
Plates …, of vulcanised fibre, not reinforced, etc.
Articles and accessories for billiards (excluding mechanical counters, time meters and cue racks)
manure, non-mineralised guano and digestive tract content;
Alternatively, the liberated ammonia is distilled into an excess of boric acid solution, followed by titration with hydrochloric acid or sulphuric acid solution.
Add carefully enough water to ensure complete dissolution of the sulphates.
where: Vo = is the volume (ml) of NaOH (3.10 or 3.11) used in the blank test, V1 = is the volume (ml) of NaOH (3.10 or 3.11) used in the sample titration, c = is the concentration (mol/l) of sodium hydroxide (3.10 or 3.11), m = is the weight (g) of sample.
If the flask of the distillation apparatus is not fitted with a dropping funnel, add the sodium hydroxide immediately before connecting the flask to the condenser, pouring the liquid slowly down the side.
It is applicable only to ammonia contents of less than 0,25 %.
For separation of threonine-serine the valley:peak height ratio of the lower of the two overlapping amino acids on the chromatogram must not exceed 2:10. (if only cyst(e)ine, methionine, threonine and lysine are determined, insufficient separation from adjoining peaks will adversely influence the determination).
The solution is subjected to fermentation by the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae which leaves the lactose intact.
Then wash the resin with 50 ml of methanol (3.8), discard the methanol and store the resin under fresh methanol.
Cheeses made from milk that has undergone a lower heat treatment than pasteurisation (7) and ripened cheeses made from milk or whey that has undergone pasteurisation or a stronger heat treatment (7)
The information requested shall be provided, in the case of undertakings, by their owners or their representatives and, in the case of legal persons, companies or firms, or of associations having no legal personality, by the persons authorized to represent them by law or by their statutes.
Having regard to Council Directive 91/493/EEC of 22 July 1991 laying down the health conditions for the production and the placing on the market of fishery products (1), and in particular Article 11 (1) thereof,
diploma di medico specialista, rilasciati dal rettore di una universita' (diploma of specialized doctor, granted by a rector of a university);
A mechanical shaking device may be used, but not a Teflon coated magnetic stirring bar, as the Teflon will absorb some of the analyte.
the mass of one mole of glycyrrhizic acid 840 is the mass of one mole of ammonium glycyrrhizinate.
Hormones, derivatives thereof; other steroids, used primarily as hormones 35250 (*)
Information on emissions to the aquatic compartment for all lifecycle stages Information on emissions to the atmosphere for all lifecycle stages Information on hardness of receiving water body for two producers Information on fraction of cryolite in particulate emissions of aluminium smelters Dissolution study
,4-D shall be analysed in 2013 in wine; in 2014 on oranges/man­ darins and in 2015 on aubergines, cauliflower and table grapes.
The aid shall be paid in respect of areas cultivated and harvested up to a maximum of 12 000 hectares per year.
The infection of mosquitoes by the bacteria may reduce the ability of some mosquitoes to transmit certain pathogenic viruses and parasites by interfering with those pathogens within the mosquitoes, and promotes the reproduction of infected females mosquitoes and the spread of the bacteria in the mosquito population.
Content not less than 95 % on a total free sterol/stanol basis on the anhydrous basis Description Free-flowing, white to off-white powders, pills or pastilles; colourless to pale yellow liquids
Solanum lycopersicum, rootstocks of tomato and interspecific hybrids Class 4.3
Essential oil of cinnamomum zeylanicum
acrylic, crotonic, itaconic, maleic, methacrylic acids and their esters butadiene styrene methylstyrene
The Authority concluded that concerning the MRLs for okra and beans (fresh, without pods) no information was available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
To establish harmonised maximum levels of pesticide residues for lindane and parathion in and on fruit and vegetables at Community level it is necessary to include these MRLs instead in Directive 90/642/EEC.
Encompasses the transmission of sound, images or other information by telephone, telex, telegram, radio and television cable and broadcasting, satellite, electronic mail, facsimile services etc., including business network services, teleconferencing and support services.
Additional requirements for flex fuel vehicles • For the type-approval of a flex fuel ethanol or biodiesel vehicle, the vehicle manufacturer shall describe the capa- bility of the vehicle to adapt to any mixture of petrol and ethanol fuel (up to an 85 % ethanol blend) or diesel and biodiesel that may occur across the market.
a spirit drink produced exclusively by alcoholic fermentation and distillation, either from molasses or syrup produced in the manufacture of cane sugar or from sugar-cane juice itself and distilled at less than 96 % vol.
so that the distillate has the discernible specific organoleptic characteristics of rum, or • a spirit drink produced exclusively by alcoholic fermentation and distillation of sugar-cane juice which has the aromatic characteristics specific to rum and a volatile substances content equal to or exceeding 225 grams per hectolitre of 100 % vol. alcohol.
Caraway-flavoured spirit drinks are spirit drinks produced by flavouring ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin with caraway (Carum carvi L.).
Other natural and/or nature-identical flavouring substances as defined in Article 1(2)(b)(i) and (ii) of Directive 88/388/EEC and/or flavouring preparations as defined in Article 1(2)(c) of that Directive may additionally be used, but the flavour of these drinks is largely attributable to distillates of caraway (Carum carvi L.) and/or dill (Anethum graveolens L.) seeds, the use of essential oils being prohibited.
Rum-Verschnitt is produced in Germany and obtained by mixing rum and alcohol, whereby a minimum proportion of 5 % of the alcohol contained in the final product must come from rum.
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use recommended the estab­ lishment of a MRL for diclazuril for chicken and pheasant, applicable to muscle, skin and fat, liver and kidney, excluding animals from which eggs are produced for human consumption, and the extrapolation of MRLs for diclazuril from chicken and pheasant to poultry, applicable to muscle, skin and fat, liver and kidney, excluding animals from which eggs are produced for human consumption.
More effective than systemic treatments (NSAIDs and chondroitin sulphate), and other (non-corticosteroid) intra-articular treatments for control of joint inflammation, pain and lameness in acute and chronic joint disease, especially degenerative joint disease and osteoarthritis.
Similarity in mode of action to codeine brings synergistic action.
Whereas there is a real risk that the new products for oral use will be used above all by young people, thus leading to nicotine addiction, unless restrictive measures are taken in time;
design contests shall mean those national procedures which enable the contracting authority to acquire, mainly in the fields of area planning, town planning, architecture and civil engineering, or data processing, a plan or design selected by a jury after being put out to competition with or without the award of prizes.
Radioactivity counting data should be summarised and presented as appropriate for the study, typically as microgram or milligram equivalents per mass of sample, although other units may be used.
an aromatized drink obtained exclusively from red or white wine, flavoured mainly with cinnamon and/or cloves; without prejudice to the quantities of water resulting from recourse to Article 3 (a), the addition of water is forbidden';
Beds , sofas, couches, tables, chairs, cupboards, chests of drawers and bookshelves Lighting equipment such as ceiling lights, standard lamps, globe lights and bedside lamps
Camper vans, caravans and trailers
anise (Pimpinella anisum); badian or star anise (Illicium verum); caraway (Carum carvi); coriander (Coriandrum sativum); cumin (Cuminum cyminum); fennel (Foeniculum vulgare); juniper berries (Juniperus communis)
grapes (Vitis vinifera) groundnuts/peanuts (Arachis hypogea) hazelnut (Corylus avellana)
tangerine (Citrus tangerina); mandarin (Citrus reticulata); clementine (C. unshiu); turnips and turnip rapes (Brassica rapa var.
These could be e.g. mustard (Sinapis alba L.), poppy (Papaver somniferum L.) sesame seed (Sesamum indicum L.) earth almond (Cyperus esculentus L.), peanuts (Arachis hypogea).
, pigeons (Colombinae), ostriches (Struthio camelus).
ANPP is an immediate precursor of fentanyl and acetyl fentanyl.
In other words, both substances can be easily transformed into fentanyl or fentanyl analogues.
There are indications that substantial illegal fentanyl manufacture on the basis of ANPP and NPP is taking place in the Union.
Using the residue depletion data, the total residue burden in the standard food basket shall be calculated based on the observed residue levels at each time point on the residue depletion curve, so that the time point at which the total residue burden falls below the ADI is established.
In addition to the provisions of Regulation X/5, every vessel shall, when operating in waters where drift ice may occur, be fitted with at least one searchlight with a lighting capacity of at least 1 lux, measured at a distance of 750 metres.
dividing by 1 000 converts Megabytes into Gigabytes;
For example, if the asset is work in progress inventory that is unique and market participants would convert the inventory into finished goods, the fair value of the inventory would assume that market participants have acquired or would acquire any specialised machinery necessary to convert the inventory into finished goods.
Lead oxide-based material in Argon and Krypton laser products provides a critical thermo-mechanically stable and vacuum-tight seal between the optics and laser tube.
During the manufacturing process of HVD, lead contained in the glass beads dissolves into the plating solution, which results in approximately 2,5 % of lead content in the plating layer of the diodes.
% by weight of the rubber for rubber-containing components not referred to in point (a).
Lfmites de concentraci6n, Koncentrationsgra:nser, Konzentrationsgrenzwerte, Vpia avyKtvrp(J)m];, Concentration limits, Limites de concentration, Limiti di concentrazione, Concentratiegrenzen, Limites de concentrafao, Pitoisuusrajat, Koncentrationsgranser
Whereas the disposal of PCBs represents a transi­ tional and temporary problem and some Member States which have no PCB disposal capacity face a force majeure situation; whereas the proximity prin­ ciple should be interpreted in a flexible manner so as to permit European solidarity in this area; whereas, in addition, installations should be set up in the Community for the disposal, decontamination and storage of PCBs;
Where an airport reaches one of the freight traffic thresholds referred to in this Article without reaching the corresponding passenger movement threshold, the provi­ sions of this Directive shall not apply to categories of groundhandling services reserved exclusively for passen­ gers.
If a person presenting himself or herself at the external border invokes privileges, immunities and exemptions, the border guard may require him or her to provide evidence of his or her status by producing the appropriate documents, in particular certificates issued by the accrediting State or a diplomatic passport or other means.
barium calcium cesium lead samarium strontium bromide chloride fluoride iodide europium doped 431-780-4
nonyl-4-ethyl-2,6,7- trioxabicyclo[2.2.2]octane 426-510-7
Diplomatic, service/official and special passports shall not be stamped.
Mandarins (Clementine, tangerine and other hybrids)
The gear position may be provided also from the CAN signal to check possible deviations from the gear position calculated by the simulation tool.
The European Food Safety Authority (‘the Authority’) concluded in its opinion of 27 January 2016 (3) that, under the proposed conditions of use, guanidinoacetic acid does not have an adverse effect on animal health, consumer health or the environment and that it is considered to be a source of creatine and may therefore substitute dietary creatine.
It concluded that concerning the MRLs for table grapes, wine grapes, lettuce, spinach, beans (dry), lentils (dry), peas (dry), lupines (dry), herbal infusions (dried, flowers) and hops some information was not available and that further consideration by risk managers was required.
The documentation shall provide a detailed outline of the theory, assumptions, and mathematical and empirical bases underlying the internal model.
In the liquid state, whey contains natural constituents (on average 4,8 % lactose, 0,8 % protein and 0,2 % fats by weight of the product) which remain when the casein and the majority of the fat have been removed from the milk.
Subsequent blending results in a quality product with stable organoleptic characteristics — a pale yellow colour, a pleasant aroma of vanilla and a harmonious mild taste.
thyrsiflorum 0256080-025 Vietnamese mint Persicaria odorata 0256080-026 Water mint Mentha aquatica
Whereas cefoperazone and atropine should be inserted into Annex II to Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90;
ex Wehmer: Muira puama absolute / Muira puama extract / Muira puama oil / Muira puama tincture All species
: Coca leaf extract (decocainized) CAS 84775-48-4 FEMA 2329 CoE 184 Einecs 283-877-4 / Coca leaf tincture (decocainized) CoE 184 All species
Mimosa pudica L.: Shameplant absolute / Shameplant extract / Shameplant oil / Shameplant tincture All species
The parts that can be contacted by a hemisphere with a diameter of 165 mm, as described in point 3.2.1, when approaching along the radius of zone A in Figure 1, shall be rounded to a radius of curvature of not less than 2,5 mm.
Comprehension is limited to iso­ lated, memorised phrases when they are carefully and slowly articulated.
It concluded that Ephedra herb and its preparations in food supplements may result in exposure to total ephedra alkaloids or ephedrine which falls within or may exceed the therapeutic dose ranges for the individual ephedra alkaloids or ephedrine, in medicinal products.
a fixture suitable for holding the relevant parts of a steering system or, if the test is carried out on a complete vehicle, a jacking system capable of lifting all the steered wheels clear of the ground; and
Activities shall start at the reception of the fells (tree trunks), cork and bamboo in the manufacturer's or his suppliers facilities until the end of the manufacturing process.
Materials such as LECA (Light expanded clay aggregates), LECA based products, perlite or zeolite are added to the slurry surface to form a floating layer.
Drums and composting tanks can also be used.
— in the case of self-processing of feed: by sampling of feedstuff compounds from the silos or the feeding system for analysing the total content of phosphorus and crude protein or, alternatively, in the accompanying documentation or using standard values of total content of phosphorus and crude protein of the feedstuff compounds.
Content of the national legislation: Operators of depots remote from supply points may be authorised to transport 25 kg of dynamite or powerful explosives and 300 detonators at the most in ordinary motor vehicles, subject to conditions to be set by the explosives service.
Subject: exemption of all ADR requirements for the national transport of maximum 1 000 used ionic smoke detectors from private households to the treatment facility in Belgium via the collection points foreseen in the scenario for the selective collection of smoke detectors.
Whereas the rates of migration observed are very variable, ranging from a few milligrams to several hundred milligrams per kilogram of foodstuff; whereas it has not yet been possible to identify the foodstuffs or ingredients most likely to be affected by this migration; whereas, furthermore, it appears that sources other than regenerated cellulose packaging, which have not yet been identified with any certainty, contribute to the presence of these two softeners in foodstuffs;
The machine excavates, lifts, carries and dumps material by moving either a boom, an arm and bucket (as is the case with a face shovel or a backhoe) or a bucket controlled by the winding-gear (as is the case with a drag-line or a clamshell).
Hydraulic lifting system The descent of the rated load caused by a leakage in the hydraulic system must not exceed 100 millimetres during the first 10 minutes, with the oil in the hydraulic system at normal working temperature.
N°minal current The nominal current is the current in amperes that the connector is able to carry continuously without exceeding the allowable temperature rise indicated in 1.3.8.
Leave a margin of at least 25 mm or one inch on the left-hand side of the page and, if you use both sides, on the right-hand side of the reverse.
Every kilometre of distance travelled must be represented on the record by a variation of at least one millimetre on the corresponding coordinate.
Inulin(2) Inulin is a fructan extracted from e.g. roots of Cichorium intybus L., Inula helenium or Helianthus tuberosus; raw inulin may contain up
Industrial services for made-up textile articles, except ap- parel Group 17.5 Other textiles
Alkali or alkaline-earth metals; rare-earth metals, scandium and yttrium; mercury 2805
Use only for control of vectors of malaria under the supervision of services of the Ministry of Health.
Dried vine fruit (currants, raisins and sultanas) has been found to be highly contaminated.
In such cases only the first part of the curve to the first of these points of inflection corresponds to the neutralization of hydroxyl ion coming from free sodium or potassium hydroxide.
Sample preparation Take the sample for analysis from an unopened tube.
Remove one third of the contents, replace the cap on the tube, mix carefully in the tube and then take the test portion.
If those changes are to the detriment of what is indicated on the label, customers should be informed about those changes and should be given the option of accepting or refusing the update.
Wine which has been produced by liturgical method and complies with the conditions for use during the liturgical acts within the framework of the Catholic Church celebration.
Rigid and flexible fuel lines shall be routed to reasonably minimise exposure to accidental damage whether inside e.g. due to placing or movement of luggage or other loads, or outside the vehicle, e.g. due to rough ground or vehicle jacks etc.
Automotive fluids, including gasoline, hydraulic fluids, battery acid, glycol and oils;
If fittings are installed in the passenger or enclosed luggage compartment, the fuel lines and fittings shall be enclosed in a sleeve which meets the same requirements as specified for a gas tight housing in section 10.
Availability of chemical detection equipments (bellows) with an appropriate number of suitable gas detection tubes for the cargo carried • Test of deck shower
For the strength test, all panels and detachable non-structural components must be removed so that they may not contribute to the strengthening of the protection structure.
Commission Decision 2008/264/EC of 25 March 2008 on the fire safety requirements to be met by European standards for cigarettes pursuant to Directive 2001/95/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council2 is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
The ignition propensity of cigarettes shall be reduced in order to minimise fires with ensuing fatalities, injuries and material damage.
For the purposes of this Decision a cigarette with reduced ignition propensity means a cigarette that self- extinguishes when not actively puffed, before it has burnt through its full length.
For the purpose of Article 4 of Directive 2001/95/EC, the safety requirement shall be the following: no more than 25 % of a batch of cigarette specimens to be tested shall burn through their whole length.
The stored potatoes shall be used within their optimal storage window.
If the specified content of reducing sugar content in potatoes and the amount of bruised, spotted or damaged potatoes are exceeded, FBOs may accept the potato supply by specifying additional available mitigation measures to be taken to ensure that the presence of acrylamide in the final product is as low as reasonably achievable below the benchmark level set out in Annex IV.
FBOs shall replace fructose with glucose particularly in recipes containing ammonium bicarbonate (E503)
In its revised opinion of 22 October 2014 (3) the SCCS considered the use of hydrolysed wheat proteins in cosmetic products safe for consumers, provided that the maximum molecular weight average of the peptides in hydrolysates is 3,5 kDa.
As natural resources become increasingly scarce, the economic rent and profits associated with their ownership or exclusive use may increase.
Public intervention to ensure that such rents are not excessive and that externalities are taken into account will lead to a more efficient use of those resources and will help to avoid market distortions, as well as generate public revenue.
However, the administering to farm animals for therapeutic purposes of oestradiol-17-ss, testosterone and progesterone and those derivatives which readily yield the parent compound on hydrolysis after absorption at the site of application may be authorized.
In items 5.6.3, 5.6.4, 6.1 and 6.2, ´diesel' is replaced by ´compression-ignition'.
The carbon, manganese, silicon and, where appropriate, nickel, chromium, molybdenum and vanadium content must be given with tolerances such that the differences between the maximum and minimum values for each cast do not exceed: - carbon: - 0,06 % when the maximum content is less than 0,30 %,
All shell fittings and valves required by this Regulation shall be of steel, bronze or other approved ductile material.
Such means shall consist of a door-latching mechanism incorporating a device that releases the latch upon the application of a force in the direction of escape flow.
cause the door latch to release when a force not exceeding 67 N is applied; and • not be equipped with any locking device, set screw or other arrangement that prevents the release of the latch when pressure is applied to the releasing device.
The techniques available to reduce the concentration of benzene in this natural gas to less than 0,1 % by weight would entail capital expenditure close to EUR 1 billion and operational expenditure of around EUR 60 million per year.
Where a Member State or the Commission provides software to enable authentication to a node operated in another Member State, the party which supplies and updates the software used for the authentication mechanism may agree with the party which hosts the software how the operation for the authentication mechanism will be managed.
node in one Member State shall be able to connect with nodes of other Member States.
Data integrity and authenticity for the communication Communication between the nodes shall ensure data integrity and authenticity to make certain that all requests and responses are authentic and have not been tampered with.
For this purpose, nodes shall use solutions which have been successfully employed in cross-border operational use.
The node operator shall communicate the metadata of the node management in a standardised machine processable manner and in a secure and trustworthy way.
Node operators of nodes providing authentication shall prove that, in respect of the nodes participating in the interoperability framework, the node fulfils the requirements of standard ISO/IEC 27001 by certification, or by equivalent methods of assessment, or by complying with national legislation.
These differences include the lack of implemen- tation of a number of ICAO requirements concerning Annex 6 which, in some cases, have a direct impact on the safety of the operations of Indonesian carriers.
Food enzymes the use of which is permitted within the Community should appear in a Community list that should clearly describe the enzymes and specify any conditions governing their use, including where necessary informa- tion on their function in the final food.
Traditional French preserved truffles
An example could be flavourings which are obtained by heating oil or fat to an extremely high temperature for a very short period of time, resulting in a grill-like flavour.
As the use of flavourings should not mislead the con- sumer, the other maximum 5 % can only be used for stan- dardisation or to give a, for example, more fresh, pungent, ripe or green note to the flavouring.
In addition, the dial or the continuous rotating drum indicating the lowest values shall include a scale of 100 equal divisions or any other arrangement giving similar accuracy of reading.
the case of drum-type registers, only the fastest-turning drum shall be engaged, even if it is not visible;
The average quarterly dollar exchange rate will be shown at the foot of Table 1.
The two ramps are cooled down with liquid nitrogen, then the whole system is purged up to 0,1 mm Hg by opening the valves.
This average limit is, however, increased to 1 ppm of fresh product (1 milligram per kilo of fresh weight) for the edible parts of the species listed in the Annex.
The machine must have clear markings on it identifying the settings appropriate according to fabric type and laundry code.
The provisions on the calendar for individual auctions of allowances covered by Chapter II of Directive 2003/87/EC con­ ducted by an auction platform other than the auction platforms appointed pursuant to Article 26(1) or (2) of this Regulation shall be determined and published pursuant to Article 32 of this Regulation.
completion of Annex I and any coordination of the auction calendar for Annex III;
The following limit values for the emission of sulphur compounds to air shall be respected in the viscose and in the modal fibres production process:
This requirement shall not apply where D4 and D5 are not intentionally added to the material or to the final product, and where D4 and D5 are present in the silicone in concentrations below 100 ppm (0,01 % by weight).
Information concerning certain types of wine originating in the Canton of Vaud:
In Part A of Annex I to Implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1145 setting out the feed additives to be withdrawn for all species and categories of animals, in the table concerning vitamins, the L form of the vitamin menadione sodium bisulphite is included.
the available energy value expressed in kilojoules and kilocalories and the carbohydrate, protein and fat content per 100 grams or 100 millilitres of the product as marketed and, where appropriate, per specified quantity of the product as proposed for consumption.
It must be forbidden to smoke, eat, spit or chew in areas where eggs and egg products are handled and stored;
The level of endogenous secretion of progesterone in the animals is variable, depending notably on gender, age, breed and sexual cycle.
It is therefore considered appropriate to include progesterone in Annex II to Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90 in accordance with the Annex to the present proposal for a Commission Regulation, which limits the use of progesterone to this specific purpose and product formulation.
CRMs suitable for the verification of methods for heavy metals and arsenic in muscle, liver and kidney are available from the Community Bureau of Reference, Commission of the European Communities, Brussels.
Organic compounds containing arsenic can be very stable and require a very thorough oxidative decomposition procedure to ensure that correct results for total As are obtained.
The yield and speed of formation of AsH3 in hydrochloric acid solution with NaBH4 depends as the oxidation state of As, As III in general reacting preparation procedures must be designed to render all As present to AsIII or As V and the measurement must be calibrated with As III or AsV solutions as appropriate.
also Catalan (ca), Basque (eu), Galician (gl)
PM measurement by sampling, over the full burn cycle, a partial flue gas sample, using natural draft, from a diluted flue gas using a full flow dilution tunnel and a filter at ambient temperature;
Add a few ml of hydrochloric acid (3.2), connect the flask to the vacuum pump and shake until the haemoglobin has completely dissolved.
Make the contents of the flasks in the first series up to 25 ml with the propan-2-ol-hexane mixture (3.1) (reference series).
The incubation period chosen (generally 2 hours 30 minutes to 3 hours) must be such that it will be possible to trace transmission curves with gradients suitable for accurate measurement.
the raising and breeding of ostriches, emus and rabbits;
The default reference system shall be the Gregorian calendar, with dates expressed in accordance with ISO 8601.
Every kilometre of distance travelled must be represented on the record by a variation of at least one millimetre on the corresponding coordinate.
It evaluates the ability of a chemical to elicit biological activities consistent with agonists or antagonists of natural oestrogens (e.g. 17ß-estradiol), however, its use for antagonist detection is much less common than for agonists.
Uterine tissues respond with rapid and vigorous growth to stimulation by oestrogens, particularly in laboratory rodents, where the oestrous cycle lasts approximately 4 days.
For example, relatively high doses of progesterone, testosterone, or various synthetic progestins may all lead to a stimulative response (30).
The Uterotrophic Bioassay relies for its sensitivity on an animal test system in which the hypothalamic-pituitary- ovarian axis is not functional, leading to low endogenous levels of circulating oestrogen.
However, the procedure to test for androgens could, nevertheless, be recommended for steroidal or steroid-like chemicals or for chemicals for which an indication of possible androgenic effects was derived from methods contained in Level 1 or 2 of the conceptual framework (Appendix 2).
For example, if RIA is used, the RIA procedure, source of RIA kits, kit expiration dates, procedure for scintillation counting, and standardisa­ tion should be reported.
Fasted blood samples from a defined site are taken from 10 randomly-selected P males and females per dose group at termination, stored under appropriate conditions and subjected to partial or full-scale haematology, clinical biochemistry, assay of T4 and TSH or other examina­ tions suggested by the known effect profile of the test chemical (see OECD Guidance Document 151(40)).
The H295R cell line expresses genes that encode for all the key enzymes for steroidogenesis noted above (11) (15) (Figure 1).
This is a unique property because in vivo expression of these genes is tissue and developmental stage-specific with typically no one tissue or one developmental stage expres­ sing all of the genes involved in steroidogenesis (2).
Prior to initiation of QC plate and test runs, the laboratory should demon­ strate that the hormone assay to be used can measure hormone concentrations in supplemented medium with sufficient accuracy and precision to meet the QC criteria specified in Tables 1 and 5 by analysing supplemented medium spiked with an internal hormone control.
It is the number of atoms in a given quantity of radioactive material that is detected to have decayed in one minute.
Mutations arising in a rodent are scored by recovering the transgene and analysing the phenotype of the reporter gene in a bacterial host deficient for the reporter gene.
Standard laboratory or published methods for the detection of mutants are available for the recommended trans­ genic models: lacZ lambda bacteriophage and plasmid (30); lacI mouse (2) (18); gpt delta mouse (22); gpt delta rat (28); cII (17).
methods for isolation of rodent genomic DNA, rescuing the transgene from genomic DNA, and transferring transgenic DNA to a bacterial host;
scaled proportionally without being stretched or condensed.
situation in which two or more natural or legal persons are permanently linked to one and the same person by a control relationship shall also be regarded as constituting a close link between such persons.
perfectly matching contracts included in the netting agreement may be taken into account as a single contract with a notional principal equivalent to the net receipts, the notional principal amounts are multiplied by the percentages given in Table 2, - for all other contracts included in a netting agreement, the percentages applicable may be reduced as indicated in Table 3:
R: 51/53 S: 61 calcium-P,P¡-(1-hydroxyethylene)bis (hydrogenphosphonate)dihydrate 400-480-5 R52-53 R: 52/53 S: 61 mixture of:
Those definitions and rules should be amended to take account of technological progress and changes in consumer tastes, and should be brought into line with general Community legislation on foodstuffs, in partic- ular legislation on labelling, sweeteners and other authorised additives, flavourings, extraction solvents and methods of analysis.
These agents are included in groups 2, 3 and 4 Rubella (German measles) and toxoplasmosis can harm the unborn child, as can some other biological agents, for example cytomegalovirus (an infection common in the community) and chlamydia in sheep.
Following an application from AlzChem AG, submitted pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No , the Authority was required to deliver an opinion on a health claim related to creatine in combination with resistance training and improvement in muscle strength (Question No EFSA-Q-2015- 00437 (3)).
(4’-Methylbenzylidene)-d-l camphor (4-Methylbenzylidene Camphor) Benzylidene camphor (3-Benzylidene Camphor)
Hexavalent chromium compounds A1050 Galvanic sludges A1060 Waste liquors from the pickling of metals A1070 Leaching residues from zinc processing, dust and sludges such as jarosite, hematite, etc.
The surface to be tested must be so placed that the pendulum will strike the surface perpendicular to the point concerned.
If transgene expression is limited to a certain compartment in the GMO (such as a certain plant tissue), instability of regulation could result in expression of the transgene in the entire organism.
The part of the product which is not D-sorbitol is composed mainly of hydrogenated oligosaccharides formed by the hydrogenation of glucose syrup used as raw material (in which case the syrup is non-crystallizing) or mannitol.
Liquid paraffin (2.7)/n-hexane (2.6) (1:2, v/v)
For example, an opera is often the work of a librettist and a composer.
Nuclear power stations and other nuclear reactors including the dismantling or decommissioning of such power stations or reactors (1) (except research installations for the production and conversion of fissionable and fertile materials, whose maximum power does not exceed 1 kilowatt continuous thermal load).
Includes: meat and edible offal of marine mammals (e.g. seals) and exotic animals (kangaroo, ostrich, alligator, etc.); animals and poultry purchased live for consumption as food.
The fan shall have a capacity of 0,07 to 0,10 m3/min at 0,5 mbar static pressure.
This is also the case with carbon and graphite, in particular due to the fact that the concerned Einecs and/or CAS numbers are used to identify forms of carbon or graphite at the nano-scale, which do not meet the criteria for inclusion in this Annex.
Furthermore, three noble gases (helium, neon and xenon) fulfil the criteria for inclusion into Annex IV and should therefore be moved there from Annex V. Another noble gas, krypton, which meets the criteria for inclusion in Annex IV, should be added to the Annex for reasons of consistency.
The appropriations committed for the period 1993-1997 shall amount to ECU 7,7 million.
Dried spices with the exception of cardamon and smoked Capsicum spp.
advertising method based on the tracking of internet users' past activities or profile,
7 of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol to the UNFCCC, adopted by the seventh Conference of the Parties of the UNFCCC meeting in Durban on 11 December 2011, global warming potentials should be calculated in terms of the 100-year global warming potential of one kilogram of a gas relative to one kilogram of CO 2.
Multipack centralised refrigeration systems for commercial use with a rated capacity of 40 kW or more that contain, or whose functioning relies upon, fluorinated greenhouse gases with GWP of 150 or more, except in the primary refrigerant circuit of cascade systems where fluorinated greenhouse gases with a GWP of less than 1 500 may be used
th and 5th rows: channel raster (in kHz) and channel number.
However, to facilitate border coordination, systems using 25 kHz channels must respect the channel raster starting from the lower edge of the channel 9.
The Administrative Commission shall establish a list of benefits in kind which, in order to be provided during a stay in another Member State, require for practical reasons a prior agreement between the person concerned and the institution providing the care.
Actual torso angle'' means the angle measured between a vertical line through the  H'' point and the torso line using the back angle quadrant on the 3 DH machine.
A quadrant is fastened to the probe hinged at the  H'' to measure the actual torso angle.
In accordance with Annex III to that Regulation, prior to being transported to another establishment, feet of ungulates destined for further handling are to be skinned or scalded and depilated and stomachs of ruminants must be scalded or cleaned within the slaughterhouse.
It is also necessary to specify what kind of canoes and kayaks are excluded from the scope of this Directive and to clarify that only personal watercraft intended for sports and leisure are covered by this Directive.
canoes and kayaks designed to be propelled solely by human power, gondolas and pedalos;
only energy-reduced bread; partially baked prepacked bread; prepacked rolls, tortilla and pitta; prepacked pølsebrød, boller and dansk flutes
As of 31 December 2017, the outstanding notional amount of OTC derivatives is more than EUR 500 trillion worldwide, of which interest rate derivatives represent more than 75 % and foreign exchange derivatives almost 20 %.
Where the strips are formed of blocks, these must be 6 to 8 cm thick, with a distance of 16 cm between the centres of the blocks.
Ethyl-3,7-dioxa-1-azabicyclo [3.3.0] octane 7-Ethylbicyclooxazolidine
Whereas pyrethrum extract, hamamelis virginiana, chry- santhemi cinerariifolii flos, echinacea purpurea, tanninum and natamycin should be inserted into Annex II to Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90;
If the ante-mortem inspection has been carried out at the holding of origin, ante-mortem inspection at the slaughterhouse may be restricted to detecting injuries received in transport if the rabbits have been inspected at the holding of origin within the previous 24 hours and found to be healthy.
In the context of a procedure for the authorisation of the use of a plant protection product containing the active substance dimethomorph on seeds of spices (except nutmeg) and on caraway fruits, an application was made in accordance with Article 6(1) of Regulation (EC) No for modification of the existing MRLs.
For range hoods with automatic functioning mode during the cooking period and fully automatic range hoods, the delay time after which the product switches automatically into the modes and conditions as referred to in the previous point shall be one minute after the motor and lighting have both been switched off either automatically or manually.
Those which can be opened to the outside environment must where necessary be fitted with insect-proof screens which can be easily removed for cleaning.
the case of inland farms all pools must be drained for the purposes of cleaning and disinfection,
Germany stated that due to the ubiquitous presence of biphenyl from unknown sources it was impossible to produce nutmeg and mace complying with the MRLs for biphenyl.
In order to eliminate possible obstacles to the proper functioning of the internal market caused by divergent provisions or practices of Member States, and in order to keep pace with the development of electronic commerce and future challenges in the market for textile products, the harmonisation or standardisation of other aspects of textile labelling should be examined.
The HHI is calculated by summing the squares of the individual market shares of all the firms in the market.
It is possible to convert chloroephedrine and chloropseudoephedrine directly into methamphetamine with a high yield rate.
Member States have demonstrated that since 2013 chloroephedrine and chloropseudoephedrine have been used on several occasions in the Union as precursors for the illicit manufacture of methamphetamine (also known as crystal meth).
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) emissions during production of polyester The emission of VOCs during polymerization of polyester must not exceed 1,2 g VOC/kg of produced poly­ ester resin.
Note 9: Excluding tritium, potassium -40, radon and radon decay products; monitoring frequencies, monitoring methods and the most relevant locations for monitoring points to be set later in Annex II.
It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons normally present in this distillation range of crude oil.)
Coal tar extract (A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with bentonite for removal of trace constituents and impurities.
Gas oils, paraffinic; Gas oil - unspecified (A distillate obtained from the redistillation of a complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the effluents from a severe catalytic hydrotreatment of paraffins.
The recommended quantities and/or dosage instructions expressed in millilitres or grams appropriate to a standard washing machine load, for soft, medium and hard water hardness classes and making provision for one or two cycle washing processes;
Use fresh solutions only • Ammonium bicarbonate solution (60/40 v/v): 0,3 mol NH4HCO3 in 1 000 ml of an isopropanol/water mixture consisting of 60 parts by volume isopropanol and 40 parts by volume water (4.3.1)
documents held by cultural establishments, such as museums, libraries, archives, orchestras, operas, ballets and theatres.
The opinion of the Scientific Committee on Food on cyclamic acid and its sodium and calcium salts (which led to the establishment of a new acceptable daily intake (ADI)) and recent studies on the intake of cyclamates lead to a reduction of the maximum usable doses of cyclamic acid and its sodium and calcium salts.
Fish fillets and portions, breaded or not breaded
02 03 wastes from the production of anodes for aqueous electrolytical processes 20 01 41 wastes from chimney sweeping • Hazardous
Principle The aldehydes in the test solution, and the formaldehyde in a comparison solution, react with Schiff's reagent to produce red coloured complexes, the intensities of which are compared.
The Panel concluded that ethyl carbamate in alcoholic beverages indicates a health concern, particularly with respect to stone fruit brandies, and recommended taking mitigation measures to reduce the levels of ethyl carbamate in these beverages.
the distinguishing sign of the Member State issuing the card, printed in negative in a blue rectangle and encircled by 12 yellow stars; the distinguishing signs are as follows:
For the determination of niacin (nicotinic acid) in the feed additive: Titration with sodium hydroxide; European Pharmacopoeia method (Ph.
With regard to antimicrobial resistance testing, the Opinion indicates the importance to provide detailed information on the Salmonella serovar for each isolate and to harmonise the breakpoints applied for resistance assessment and reporting.
heat recovery from flue-gases from kiln and coolers Heat recovery from flue-gases by the preliminary heating of the magnesite can be used in order to reduce fuel energy use.
Repeatability The difference between the results of two determinations, carried out simultaneously or in rapid concession, by the same analyst, on the same sample, under the same conditions, shall not exceed 0,1 g aldehyde per hl Ethanol at 100 % vol.
The Authority concluded that, based on the results of the available studies, the information on gum acacia itself and on other Octenyl succinic acid modified starches, the use of octenyl succinic acid modified gum arabic as an emulsifier in foods at the proposed uses and use levels is not of a safety concern.
Comprise hotels, apartment hotels, motels, roadside inns, beach hotels, residential clubs and similar establish- ments providing hotel services including more than daily bed-making and cleaning of the room and sanitary facilities.
Comprise rooming and boarding houses, tourist residence and similar accommodation arranged in rooms and providing limited hotel services including daily bed-making and cleaning of the room and sanitary facilities.
No deferral if well Hepatitis A or hepatitis B vaccines No deferral if well and if no exposure
The last part of the track, for at least 5 m before the rigid barrier, must be horizontal, flat and smooth.
The isopropanol distillate contains water and should be saturated with potassium carbonate; the lower layer which then separates out must be rejected.
Concentrate the solution in the water-bath until the methanol has evaporated and redisolve the extract in water in the waterbath.
These criteria are determined by the compressive axial force, the axial tensile force and the fore/aft shear forces at the head/neck interface, expressed in kN and measured according to paragraph 5.2.2 of Appendix 1 to this Annex and by the duration of these forces expressed in ms.
As regards the Swiss Confederation, the legal standards on the protection of personal data have binding legal effect at both Federal and cantonal level.
The Act applies to the processing of personal data by Federal bodies and by the entire private sector, and to processing operations carried out by cantonal bodies pursuant to Federal law, where such processing is not subject to cantonal provisions on data protection.
Most of the cantons have adopted legislation on data protection for the areas for which they are competent, in particular public hospitals, education, direct cantonal taxes and the police.
Whatever the source and content of the cantonal provisions, or even if no cantonal provisions exist, cantons must adhere to the constitutional principles.
Given that the number of class members could be in the millions, damages could total billions of dollars.
Food from animal clones has been regulated under Regulation (EC) No 258/97.
two or more types of fruit, excluding apples, pears, clingstone plums, melons, water-melons, grapes, pumpkins, cucumbers and tomatoes.
Ingredients which need not be specified in the sales description of the finished products Ingredients which must be specified in the sales description of the finished products
For mushrooms and truffles, culinary herbs and capers, each laboratory sample shall weigh at least 0 75 kg.
The gauze shall have a hole cut in the asbestos part of the same diameter as the base of the flask. Heat the liquid to boiling point over a period of about two minutes and simmer gently for exactly 10 minutes.
Ashing crucibles, platinum or quartz, of suitable capacity.
replaced by the following: The radius as applied to the leading edge of the front mudguard shall not be larger than 0,70 times the thickness of the mudguard, as measured at the leading edge (e.g. in case of a round bead on the edge of sheet metal, the diameter of the bead is taken as the relevant thickness).’
The dry substance is finely pulverized in a mortar and is put into the capillary tube, fused at one end, so that the filling level is approximately 3 mm after being tightly packed.
Sufficiently accurate and quick determinations of density may be obtained by floating hydrometers, which allow the density of a liquid to be deduced from the depth of immersion by reading of a graduated scale.
Arrange the pile across the draught in a fume cupboard.
Four seconds after instillation of the test substance, the eyes of three rabbits are washed and 30 seconds after instillation of the test substance the eyes of the other three rabbits are washed.
Mandarins (Clementine, tangerine and other hybrids)
Classifying the contract territory with codes and keywords
Air transport services of passengers and freight, except transport of mail
The simple search is performed by entering a search word in the fields, Contract name, Reference number, Keyword and UNSPSC codes (product codes).
The selected UNSPSC codes (product codes) are shown here
IP address must be in format of 'x.x.x.x' and the range of each number is 0-255
NUTS code (regional code) or NUTS code manager
The Plus giro account number field cannot contain more than 15 characters!
The Amount field must contain a numerical value of no less than -1,000 million or no greater than 1,000 million!
The VAT registration number field cannot contain more than 16 characters!
During this time, a response normally arrives within 1-3 minutes but it can take 30-50 minutes depending on the number of suppliers in the request.
Enter the ownership share in percent
Click here to delete the selected NUTS code (region code) from the list
Click here to sort by no.
If the Controller requires information or assistance regarding security measures, documentation or other forms of information regarding how the Processor processes Personal Data, and such requests exceed the standard information provided by the Processor to comply with applicable privacy legislation as Processor, and imposes additional work on the Processor, the Processor may charge the Controller for such additional services.
Do you really want to copy the UNSPSC codes to all connected contracts?
Please replace your link here with the new link below.
Share Hrífunes Nature Park is located in the south of Iceland which is famed for the range of contrasts found there: ice, active volcanoes, woods, sandy beaches, lava fields, thriving villages, dramatic history and a peaceful atmosphere.
Cable glands polyamide thread metric IP68 made by AtexDelvalle are used for passing, holding and compressing cables between two...
In the year 2011 the company paid a dividend to shareholders of 200 thousand euro or 30 million ISK.
Set in the heart of a stunning lava landscape, Silica Hotel is a just ten-minute walk from the Blue Lagoon.
The little Greenlandic girl longs terribly for home and finds only comfort in her little brother and her soulful doll, while her Danish parents' marriage creaks heavily and the younger brother suddenly disappears.
The results also revealed that the concentrations of heavy metals, e.g. cadmium (Cd), lead (Pb) and mercury (Hg) in the edible part of marine catches were in all samples, except one, well below the maximum limits set by the EU.
Equipped with cameras, 3D programs and glitter, they give insight into cultures on other planets by producing travel vlogs, tutorials and life coaching sessions.
You can also browse our site to get inspiration and find your perfect hotel that way, instead.
The main goal of ALDIN Biodome is to connect people with nature and support sustainability and a healthy lifestyle.
Since the beginning of the year, 451 thousand foreign passengers have departed from Iceland via Keflavík Airport, which is a decrease of 67,4% compared to the same period last year but then the total departures were 1.38 million.
This is connected – at least in your work – to the development of abstract painting and other work, perhaps.
Icelandair hotel Mývatn is a brand new 59 room hotel, opened in July 2018.
The results of the study show that the project could prove economical for both countries and generate combined net benefit for the two counties in the amount of EUR 2.9bn, or about ISK 400bn.
Our success manifests among other things in that the majority of the 500 companies, who became Landsbankinn customers in the first quarter, did so through our app or website. On average, the process of becoming a customer took 85 seconds.
How to use: 1 tablespoon in ½ a liter of water and boil for 10 minutes, strain and drink for 2 days.
To constantly have to defend yourself and your reality, correcting people that believe all kinds of myths about ADHD or think that it's just an excuse.
A student's qualifications shall be evaluated with respect to the major subject of the doctorate. A student will be required to meet more extensive study requirements than those students who have completed a Master's degree within the Faculty.
Her personal gallery can be found on her website www.hsig.net.
The Bank has also continued to issue covered bonds in the Icelandic market, a total of ISK 29.9 billion in 2017.
Since 1996, the Council of Ministers has spent approximately DKK 137 million on initiatives in and for the Arctic.
Dr. Christopher Abram, lecturer at University College London, UK, to work on a book on Norse mythology and latter-day reception of the Eddas.
With reduced working hours, the pandemic has revealed that many things can be done online and do not require in-person attendance.
Impairment of financial assets was ISK 12 billion in 2020, as compared with ISK 4.8 billion in 2019.
The new Presidency will continue and refine co-operation on the environment, nature and climate in order to make the region even greener and, in particular, to lead from the front at international level, e.g. promoting biodiversity and reducing plastic and waste in the world's oceans.
Students and teaching staff should follow the two-metre physical distancing rule.
Yeah, what's the point of having a downtown apartment if you don't have parties every weekend.
Similarly one needs a 4x4 jeeps to drive into Þórsmörk (F249).
ATV - Ísafjörður offers atv / quad guided tours. You can experience the varied nature around Isafjordur in a safe, simple and fun way, in a small group.
The body reads the mRNA and produces proteins that the immune system learns to recognise.
We often talk about greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, methane, ozone, and so-called halocarbon (CFC), and these affect the (global) climate.
Toilet and bathroom are shared for the 2 top floors, as well as a television lounge.
You can walk along the mysterious Dimmuborgir (literally, Dark Cities), hike up crater Hverfjall, take in the spectacular lava formations by Kálfaströnd and cape Héðinshöfði, tour the Krafla area, witness the imaginative colour palette of the mud springs in Hverarönd by Námafjall, and relax in Mývatn's own Nature Baths.
Two distinguished lawyers, Jon Steinar Gunnlaugsson, former Supreme Court Judge, and Helgi Ass Gretarsson, Associate Professor of Law at the University of Iceland, will discuss a special tax on the fisheries at a meeting organised by Logretta, the Association of Law Students at Reykjavik University, Tuesday 29 October at 16, in the meeting room M-103 (the court room) at the University of Reykjavik.
Varahlutaverslunin Kistufell sells top quality parts from accepted manufacturers at low price and imports almost only goods from manufacturers that produce original parts for the auto manufacturers.
Thierry Mechler is a composer and organist, the titular organist at the Cologne Philharmonic and professor of organ and improvisation at the University for Music and Dance in Cologne, Germany.
Inorganic arsenic was found not to exceed 4% of total arsenic concentration in 12 samples of fish meal.
Trips for parents or immediate relatives According to article 2 of the regulation 871/2004 IHI reimburses daily trips for parent or immediate relatives, up to 200 km for each way, to visit a hospital patient younger than 18 years old.
Food which has been boiled contains little or no active enzymes.
In addition, focusing excessively on muscle mass, taking steroids to build muscle, or taking other substances to minimise fat percentage, can be eating disorder behaviour.
Bjorn Bjarnason, former Minister of Justice, blogged about his message, the daily Morgunbladid published on 5 April a long interview with Heisbourg, and both television channels, RUV and Station Two, talked to him.
Thus the dramatic content of the sculptor may be said to call for transformation of form.
He will describe the lecture tour on Soviet Russia which the Latvian Jewess Liba Fridland undertook in Iceland in 1923, the debate between the Lithuanian refugee Teodoras Bieliackanas and Icelandic socialists in 1946, Icelandic publications about the fate of the Baltic nations under communism, and the visits to Iceland by the Estonians Dr. August Rei and Johannes (Ivan) Käbin. Gissurarson's and Sturludottir's paper is a part of the joint AECR-RNH project on  Europe of the Victims: Remembering Communism .
The prices at Cosmos Hotel may vary depending on your stay (e.g. dates, hotel's policy etc.).
Both Stundin and RÚV have incorrectly stated that about 70 million dollars was paid to Cape Cod FS because of operations in Namibia.
They are often several metres in length but only 10–30 cm in diameter.
It was a time of prosperity and progress, but also of totalitarian mass murders, by Nazis and communists.
Allow notifications from the app if you are prompted:
Add the cream. Combine and simmer for a few minutes.
Use #DROPSCAL #TheMeadow to tag your projects on Instagram and Facebook, or join us on the DROPS Workshop for extra help and inspiration!
The Nordic co-operation must take account of the fact that LGBTI people differ, both between the groups lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans and intersex, and within the individual groups, with further differences that may relate to socio-economic background, ethnicity, religion, disability, asylum status, age and other identity categories.
They may be sprayed with a leather protector.
Dozens of millions of victims of Communism need respect, remembrance and justice, in order to prevent any attempt of recurrence of Communist or any other totalitarianism.
With reference to their methods, the structure of the story as well as how emphasis on solidarity, empowerment and virtues intertwine with the music. After all, the characters' journey in the quest for the rainbow consists of the interaction of music with the storyline.
Why So Many Filters?
Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we?
Björn completed his Master´s degree in Architecture from Colombia, New York and a Bachelor degree in Environmental Design from Texas A&M University.
Care shall be taken that so-called academic housework and other incidental work is handled equally by all academic staff, regardless of gender.
Just as with physical health, where everyone is advised to take their daily vitamins, many small things add up to make a big difference in mental health.
Although these types of rabbit food are cheap, tasty and convenient, they are totally unsuitable for rabbits.
The picture above shows the genes of the father (blue border) and the genes of the mother (green border).
Plus, this theme was made with performance in mind.
The main themes of Kristín Eiríksdóttir's writings are longing for love and understanding and the struggle against isolation, loneliness, abuse, violence and horror.
Place ice cubes, syrup and milk into a blender and mix until it makes a sort of milky slushie
Again, colors have been enhanced to show the subtle color variations near the rover, which result from different types of materials.
By registering rides longer than 90 minutes (no more than two per week).
It has, however, become a success with famous chefs around the world, the rhubarb is now quite fashionable.
Nearby Attractions> Bicycle Trails In the neighbourhood of the hotel there are many great bicycle trails where you can go for day tours.
Create a permanent link by adding the DOI number to the back of the address: http://dx.doi.org/ (follow the instructions) A permanent link to the electronic article above would therefore be: http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2012.07.025
Like many boys, he is a guys-guy and loves each and every superhero he can find.
Go to Google Play Store for Android tablets or Apple App Store for iPad
Safety Linde (former AGA) puts safety first, therefore we advice you on how to safely handle, store and transport of high-pressure helium balloon gas cylinders and want to give guidelines on safe balloon inflation.
Urban Bäckström said that capitalism had not failed despite the financial crisis.
– Erkitid: Premiere of   Plecte Lapis II  for clarinet, keyboard, and computer by Atli Ingolfsson,  Caudae  for flute, clarinet, ciola, trombone and tape by Thorkell Sigurbjornsson and  Glerskuggar  for obo by Sveinn Ludvik Bjornsson.
Thorsteinn Már Baldvinsson says, that in light of the discussion in the society that the fishing industry pays insubstantial amounts to the community it is a reason to mention that Samherji pays, this year over 500 million ISK in tax related payments, thereof around 270 million ISK in income tax.
As a rule, applicants shall appear in person when lodging a visa application in the respective embassy/consluate or service office.
The museum's format is built around a timeline of the history of Icelandic music, from the 19th-century classics right up to modern-day superstars like Bjork, Of Monsters and Men, Sigur Ros, Kaleo, and many more.
The Equality Board of RU is composed of 7–10 representatives, two from the support services of the University, at least two representatives of employees from each School and one student representative, appointed by the RU Student Organisation.
When your body does not fit into what we consider a normal body, self-love and self-respect become a radical action.
Daniel's incredible last tour, 'X', sold out across 40 countries, with 300 performances throughout Europe, UK, U.S., Canada, Australia, Hong Kong, Japan and even packing a Moscow arena (becoming Russia's biggest-ever English language comedy show).
Brush the fish/meat/vegetables directly or mix with yogurt to taste.
The technology can be used in several ways, but in sum the AR technology is based on downloading an app to a smartphone or tablet which then gives life to the text or images.
Microplastic is any type of plastic fragment that is less than five millimeters in length.
The building at Pólgata 1 is based on drawings by Guðjón Samúelsson, a State Architect of Iceland, and its architect was Bárður Ísleifsson.
In some cases, research would not be possible without the existence of the collection, as specimens of good enough quality are no longer available in nature or would be prohibitively expensive to obtain.
With a light and comic touch the Football Opera explores the coming together of these two worlds; the excitement, thrill and joy along with the disappointments.
For the purpose of this Article, academic employees shall refer to professors, associate professors, assistant professors and specialists.
Keep in mind that rabbits are generally not 100% perfect with their litter box.
With humour and technical sensitivity both groups are in dialogue with Kling & Bang's trajectory of previous exhibitions; referencing the conceptual minimalism of the 1960's, Performance and Pop art.
There will be an organ marathon on August 21st during Culture Night and the last concert of the organ summer will take place on Sunday 22nd of August at 17:00.
The calculation is based on Helsinki municipality tax level (18 %) and the progressive state tax in 2021.
Has insight and understanding to approach subjects in architecture in an individual manner.
The title Free Play refers to the protagonist, Violetta's famous aria Sempre Libera, or Always Free, where she sings about her desire to live joyful and free of worry or commitments.
This, of course, also includes tobacco and/or tobacco products.
The results on the beneficial effects of proteins are new. The proteins help with weight reduction among young people that are too heavy, reduce certain types of blood fat and increase the antioxidant activity.
We have offered these services since 1993, when debit cards gradually replaced cheque books. Interbank system
During centuries these squares were the center of the Western world, from the time that Romans took over from Greeks as the standard-bearers of the west and until the popes moved the center a kilometer and af half to the south-east, to the Laterano square.
PILLOW CASE: Work the circle in the round in a spiral as follows (when 1st round has been worked, continue directly on to 2nd round without working chain stitches at the beginning of round, then continue in the round in a spiral): Work 4 chain stitches on hook size 4.5 mm with light grey Paris and form a ring with 1 slip stitch in first chain stitch.
The rise of Nazis, fascists and communists will be studied and what influences these movements had in the years 1917-1990.
You might not doubt the two individuals mentioned as being close friends of the author, but to find a dedication to AirBnB — seen as the embodiment of an evil travel industry eroding whole cities and cultures — reads like a macabre joke in the context of Frycová's travelling practice, which is an anachronistic anarchic adventure falling out of time, a one on one encounter with strangers and places as she drives through Europe.
The ISK has appreciated by 1.2% in trade-weighted terms this week, bringing the US dollar down to ISK 119.5 from ISK 121.3 on Monday.
Clients of those who do sex work are a varied population and like in other service jobs, a client is not an abuser before they abuse.
This is noteworthy as the zoo is in a restricted space in the city itself.
It was the first conveyor factory in Europe and could in 1574 build a whole galleon while Henry III of France was in town at a banquet that lasted 24 hours.
Term of appointment The rector shall be appointed for a five-year term, from 1 July to 30 June following the elapse of five years, cf. however item 11 of this Article.
In recent years, in order to pursue faster charging speed, a great number of silicon-based chargers are innovatively introduced in more sizeable volume.
Elin and Frami were also in the show and did an excellent performance, there are also some photos of them in the album.
Import charges  mean all customs duties and other taxes, fees and cost and interest and other charges that falls on wages that must be paid when goods are cleared for customs when imported or exported.
Two of the spaces are similar with oak and tile floors, aak kitchens and lightweight glass walls separating work areas from boardrooms/offices.
The objective of the show was to showcase just how diverse drag could be, as well as to give performers an opportunity to present what drag personally means to them.
Remember you can always use Zoom or other apps/software if it's not possible to meet face to face.
The tomatoes and peppers are hand-picked three times a week and the vegetables are sorted by hand and packaged on location.
Matthildur now works as an accompanist and a coach at The Iceland Academy of the Arts and at the Reykjavik College of Music.
Kumiko thought the money was real and went for a hunt.
Hotel Borg offers beautiful suites with a view over Austurvöllur square.
At the next Drop-INN, Thursday October 15, yoga teacher Alicja Natalia Wacowska will guide us through how yoga can help us improve balance, to relax and strengthen us in the times we live in today.
An easy way to keep a watch on the profiles in the picture is to use this field in Photoshop to show the Document Profile.
Our rating drops from 13.5 to 9.7 on a scale to 100 and we move from second to first place.
An example where the Committee is likely to determine that continuing play after suspension is not justified is when a player hears the signal to suspend play but wants to make a stroke quickly prior to stopping, such as to complete a hole with a short putt or to take advantage of a favourable wind.
Kría Cottages is family-run accommodation in West-Iceland that offers clean and comfortable cottages by Andarkílsá river in Borgarfjörður.
With him on saxophone is Haukur Gröndal and on guitar Ásgeir Ásgeirsson.
The protein used in COLLAB comes from FEEL Iceland, a company that is revered for it's collagen products, developed from Icelandic materials.
Members are all registered students at the University of Iceland.
This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. The Climate by Naomi Klein
Also very surprising was the lack of lithium in SDSS J102915+172927.
The bank's key interest rate (the rate on seven-day term deposits) is now 5.5% and has risen by a percentage point since the beginning of June.
D:A restlessness in the sculpture. S: It's interesting that, no matter what the sector or profession,the experts have to agree on some sort of picture, model or paradigm.
Lines, arrows, squares and circles on a two-dimensional plane clarify many aspects of the research subjects, open the mind, shape thinking and render connections visible, as well as aiding me in developing theories.
In 2014 Oddur was awarded the Lied, Oratorio Performer and Schubert Prizes at the Francesc Viñas Competition in Barcelona and in 2013 he won first prize in the International Brahms Competition in Pörtschach, Austria.
Where reference is made to academic staff in this Chapter, the term shall also include research specialists, research scholars and research scientists, unless explicitly stated otherwise. 1Amended by Article 1 of Regulation no. 168/2020.
One of the gondola landings is where the bridge crosses the canal, just in front of the unmarked alley that leads to the famous Europa e Regina hotel.
In 1550, the last catholic bishop of the northern see was executed.
The Cinema Series Filters for the DJI Spark feature a production level glass with a lower refractive index, leading to better image quality.
Sigurður Atli has adopted various printmaking techniques in his practice as well as working with drawing, painting, sculpture and photography along with installation and performance.
In April, we open Icelandic Graphic's 50th anniversary exhibition and during the summer we show an exhibition in collaboration with Reykjavik Arts Festival and their program Platform Gátt which focuses on young Nordic artists.
Alkalinity present mostly as HCO3- was ~9 meq/kg during the flood peak but stabilized at around 1 meq/kg.
In this situation, the individual becomes a simple passive receptor, a spectator of an uncontrollable reality.
It is desirable to have a good balance between free and bound testosterone and it contributes to an overall better health of men.
Cosmo's original plans now quickly morph into the fast-paced dystopian movie adventure On the Other Side of the Rainbow.
Don't be surprised if you find various whole spices such as cardamom or cinnamon sticks in our courses. As we say in Icelandic - þau hressa, bæta og kæta! Main courses
Would it be better if fewer buses parked together in one place?
I will show paintings, graphics, and postcards, everyone is welcome, it is an opportunity to explore a wide range of what Icelandic artists are doing.
There are more than enough good bars and clubs that can be recommended to visit and spend a great evening and night.
The Horn area is below Vestra-Horn, a 454-meter-high mountain and it is an interesting geological site composing of un-stratified plutonic rock, mostly gabbro but with some granophyre.
A few months later, there was a devaluation, to give the fish processing industry yet another shot in the arm, and providing me with an opportunity to take a closer look at the question in Vísbending.
When you´re rapping you can express yourself just the way you want to.
When I googled  quotes about planning for the future,  two of the first ones I came across were  Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans  and  A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Moomin mugs serve a strange and obsessive purpose for people who are prepared to do anything for them: go to extremes to find the one unique design missing from their collection, even let themselves be tricked into buying a new mug that turns out to not exist.
All cottages/apartments have cooking facilities and the necessary kitchen utensils and crockery for the registered number of guests.
Yesterday we at Thingvellir national park had the pleasure of having both Katrín Jakobsdóttir Iceland´s prime minister and Angela Merkel Chancelor of Germany visiting the park.
The maximum length of time permitted for completing a Master's degree is eight semesters from the time of registration in the programme in question.
It may not be the most sexy part of life, but boy oh boy, it can really save your ass!
A flat-screen TV and private bathroom with shower are standard in each room at Litli Geysir.
The oratorio is dedicated to the Motet Choir of Hallgrímskirkja and the musical director of the church, Hörður Áskelsson, who received the Icelandic Music Award and the Cultural Prize of the newspaper DV in 2002 for his interpretation of the piece.
A premiere of the cycle as a whole will take place at Hannesarholt in Reykjavík 11 March 2017 with Hallveig Rúnarsdóttir soprano, Elmar Gilbertsson tenor, and Snorri Sigfús Birgisson piano.
Indicator 3.3.3: Malaria incidence per 1,000 population
However, the nature and environment in the easternmost part of Iceland seemed to be a prime location for the reindeers to thrive.
Her research includes strategic design and future practice with emphasis on design education, pedagogies and the development of the urban and cultural landscape.
*Overnight tax will not be charged this year.
We may say that the mantra, after absorbing the universe within itself, remains as a bindu, a point.
The University's first Rector, Björn M. Ólsen, Professor of Icelandic Grammar and Cultural History, interpreted the view of the University leadership well in his inaugural address for the school on 17 June 1911.
Another benefit which also makes the smart bracelet popular among many of the public especially fashion enthusiasts is its high-end and fashionable design.
For example, in stroke play, two players agree to consider putts within a club-length of the hole holed, when they know that they must hole out on each hole.
In the same way, humanity simmers in the characters that the author brings onto the stage.
Escorihuela Gascon Extra Brut NV is like the name suggests is a bone dry wine. Lots of acididty with green apples, citrus and a hint of the typical yeast are in the palate and nose.
An X linked genetic condition is caused by a change in a gene on the X chromosome.
Magnesium accelerates the bodies healing from physical strain and effort associated with sports and sports activities.
Rubens' life is told in eight independent scenes, arranged in chronological order, each depicting an event from the artist's life.
Road 998 (2 km) leads up to the visitor centre in Skaftafell. Road 1 continues to the east from Skaftafell.
• Pan-fried tiger prawns in garlic, with leeks and pasta.
We see teachers who strive for the well being and learning opportunities of their diverse groups of learners. We see project partners and associates who work hard at fighting prejudice, discrimination and racism in their everyday work and life.
Guðbergur Bergsson received the Swedish Academy's Nordic Prize for Literature in 2004.
Project manager(s): Guðrún Ragnarsdóttir, Assistant Professor; Súsanna Margrét Gestsdóttir, Adjunct Lecturer
You are taken to a car park with around 6-7 other coaches, which does not make the experience as memorable as it might be.
A person who procures a completed abortion incurs excommunication latae sententiae, 76  by the very commission of the offense, 77 and subject to the conditions provided by Canon Law.78 The Church does not thereby intend to restrict the scope of mercy.
Hotel Laxá is a new luxurious hotel that was opened in summer 2014.
This gives the liquid acetone time to return to its correct place in the porous mass.
Bjarmó is a charming newly opened guesthouse in the heart of Akureyri.
Furthermore, all members of the academic staff authorise the University to make scholarly articles authored by them publicly available and to save them in an open access archive such as Opin vísindi (opinvisindi.is), which is the institutional repository for all university libraries in Iceland for such articles.
At the concert, sponsored by the German Embassy in Iceland, they will perform jazzy arrangements of German Christmas hymns, including ones by Georg Friedrich Händel and Martin Luther.
Every night around 22:00 she starts wondering, is coffee a basic human right?
The Aviation Colour Code for Bárðarbunga remains at 'orange' and the code for Askja is 'green'.
There are various sizes and types of buses from 16 to 69 seats.
Chop peppers, cucumber and leeks and sprinkle over.
The Law School's teachers became professors at the new Faculty of Law and the first students graduated as lawyers in 1912.
People often have to be admitted to a psychiatric ward because when the mania is severe, people are at risk of getting into difficult and even dangerous situations and that has a significant disruptive impact on people's life and existence.
Our Kayaks are SIT-ON-TOP boats, very stable and should be suitable for first time kayakers as well.
Any Prophet Who proclaimed a different message was, therefore, regarded as an enemy of the truth.
Whip the cream and combine with skyr and a couple of spoons of blueberries as well as the vanilla to taste.
my input into the feminist fight is to brag about that almost all of those arrangements are by me unfortunately this is something that is almost always ignored when women are arrangers
There will be six pickets, check this list to see which one your hotel should come to.
When checking out I told the head of reception about this incident.
Icelandic communists fiercely attacked the authors of these books, some of whom had been in Stalin's prison camps, while others had witnessed communist oppression at first hand.
Kilja is a well raised and talented fourgaiter which we aim with on the round track in next years.
The Icelandic króna was devalued to compensate for this, to keep the fishing industry afloat. Thereafter the currency was devalued practically any time it suited the whims and needs of vessel operators, so the industry hardly needed to worry about its finances after that; moreover, it had ready access as well to subsidised loans from state-run banks and funds.
Each alternative can result in a 30-40% decrease in the principal on current loans.
Why did the Democrats accept this outcome?
For example, if a player lifts his or her ball from the putting green and sets it aside, the player must not replace the ball by rolling it to the required spot with a club. If he or she does so, the ball is not replaced in the right way and the player gets one penalty stroke under Rule 14.2b(2) (How Ball Must Be Replaced) if the mistake is not corrected before the stroke is made. The Committee has defined as the putting green (such as when a temporary green is used).
Thierry Mechler titular organist of the Cologne Philharmonic at the weekend concerts Saturday July 28 and Sunday July 29
The Rector hires academic employees, i.e., professors, associate professors, assistant professors, adjunct lecturers and specialists, cf. the foregoing.
The ALMA observations of Centaurus A shown here were taken as part of the Commissioning and Science Verification phase of the telescope.
The tube/resonator served as a bench, and every part of the gallery but the stage was for the audience.
The Icelandic telecommunications company Nova has a very simple motto: We form the biggest group of friends in the world. That's why their website needed to be friendly but also colorful like the company and its staff.
Service Map Photos Guidance The campsite at Drangsnes is located above the village in the northern part of Steingrímsfjörður fjord. The camp site offers showers, toilets, electricity and a sports field.
The people chose Barabbas, the scoundrel who seduced them with an enchanting aroma of bananas, plums and raisins.
Contains the right balance of calcium and phosphorus to strengthen bones and teeth.
In 2006, one of the greatest climate scientists of all time, Professor Wally Broecker from Columbia University in New York, spoke at a climate conference in Iceland on the possibility of CO2 mineralisation in basalt in Iceland.
Kynjaþing is a democratic and feminist forum for the public.
In addition, there are a cluster of smaller congregations among others Ásatrúarfélagið which is an association of pagan believers which has been very popular with the media even if only about 0.05 % of the population belongs to it (2002).
Her works have been presented in festivals and galleries in Europe, USA, Mexico, South Korea, Israel and Brasil, and as a dancer she collaborated with several international choreographers.
Professor Runolfsson blogs regularly on economic affairs for the web journal Eyjan.is.
If they are peeled prior to boiling, it is best to use as little water as possible and then use the water for making sauces or bread, in order to utilise the nutrients that have been washed out.
Water demand in Reykjanesbær is approximately 140–160 litres per second.
Dacy uses her Instagram account as platform, but it has been shut down on several occasions because the pictures she posts, of her nearly naked body, are considered inappropriate and are reported by other users as child pornography.
Furthermore, the added GPS antenna is also another bonus the cellular iPad offers.
However the changed gene is dominant over, or overrides, the working copy.
such as: The National Artist House, The Royal Palace Garden, The former Opera House and the Central Norwegian Government building, Oslo, Norway.
Am I the kind of person who posts selfies with a beauty filter or the type who posts inspirational quotes?
The total amount which would go into bonuses would be around 1,000 million kr,  the letter concludes.
It's just too much hassle and we don't want to have to work to find out about it and categorize it.
I wrote 50% of my new set in the hall backstage during trial shows.
It is important that most people realise that what people do in a mania does not indicate who a person really is and that it is unfair to judge people based on what happens in that state.
At Harbinger they contemplate art's promise of happiness through images and text that are created under the influence of cocktails and Thai food.
Silfra and Laugarvatn Fontana are both on the Golden Circle, making this tour the perfect Golden Circle activity and spa self-drive combo in Iceland!
Let's take response time as an example, when we are giving an command, 4G takes around 30 milliseconds to respond and 5G will need as low as 1 millisecond, which will dramatically improve internet speed and gives better experience.
As recitalist he has been invited to major festivals and venues like the Chapel of King's College, Cambridge, the Bavokerk in Haarlem, the Cathedral of Poitiers, the Philharmonic Hall in Essen and Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris.
Runners can leave marked bags with clothing etc. on the bus to pick up in Ásbyrgi after the race.
The following are examples of target groups: (a) Everyone 18-65 years + in a 25 kilometre radius from Selfoss.
Jón Múli composed various musicals company with his brother Jónas and most of his songs were composed for his brothers' musicals.
Nearby newcomer Krydd & Tehúsið offers a variety of teas, herbs, and spices unparalleled in all of Iceland.
How we talk about women in relation to mental illness has been flourishing in society for a long time, the words have lost all meaning, all women are crazy and especially ex-girlfriends.
As central economic planning could never achieve the aims it set itself, it was bound to resort to coercive measures, ending up in a totalitarian state.
In previous years there was a major farm there as well as the Catholic church Ólafskirkja.
A housing and relocation grant will also be available for candidates with permanent residence outside Akureyri. What consists in the guest professorship? The work of the professor consists, for example, in the following:
Many of the B vitamins are made by bacteria in the dog's intestines.
Jan Gehl's classic book Life Between Buildings (Livet mellem husene) has finally been translated into Icelandic and is published by ÚRBANISTAN.
The cards are decorated with Egner's drawings, including various characters from his stories such as the robbers in Cardamom Town and the animals in the Huckybucky Forest.
Often, the worries become more and more exaggerated as they last longer, like a constantly growing snowball rolling down a hill.
I was also skeptical at first; I mean, we've always just eaten the inside of the banana!
The first meeting will be Tuesday, September 7th, at 15.30, see more here.
These two varieties are coarser and juicier than regular spinach and there is also some difference in taste.
Cellular iPad, also named WiFi + Cellular iPad, means that the iPad can connect to the Internet via connecting to a WiFi network available or via a cellular data plan.
We do not want to forget about any Christian who gave a helping hand that the Catholic faith could take root again in Iceland.
The fact of the gendered budget and program of activities and the fact that the political representatives running the City are avowed feminists has done little to better the lot of the low-income women who work for the City.
The program consists of pieces for choir, soloist and instruments in honour of St. Cecilia by Benjamin Britten and Henry Purcell, sonata for trumpet and strings by Henry Purcell, as well as motets and madrigals by John Taverner, Thomas Tallis, William Byrd, Thomas Weelkes and James MacMillan.
Use of drones restricted within Vatnajökull National Park
Both of these factors are grounds for a policy rate hike. We expect the MPC to respond late next year with a 0.25-point increase, presumably in November, bringing the policy rate up to 5.50%.
It was built by Etruscans and later also Jews and Syrians. Emperor Augustus made it a part of the city. The Aurelian city wall included it.
In order to run this last mile, we need to put the spotlight on masculinity norms,  says Åland's Minister of Self Government, Equality and Law, Katrin Sjögren.
The equilibrium line altitude (ELA) was at 1030 m on Þjórsárjökull in 2015, almost 200 m lower than the long-term average. Þjórsárjökull
Easy-to-understand explanation of alcoholism and the Alateen program.
Most cells contain a complete set of genes. We have thousands of genes. Genes act like a set of instructions, controlling our growth and how our bodies work.
On July 23, 1929, the Church was consecrated by a special envoy of Pius XI, William Cardinal van Rossum CssR, head of the Mission of  Propaganda Fide  in the Holy See.
The life and work of Franko B is situated somewhere between isolation and seduction, benevolence and confrontation, suffering and eroticism, punk and poetry.
Icelandair offers regular cheap flights to Geneva from North America for cheese and chocolate binges, mountain panoramas, and lakeside walks and swims.
The events started with onset of intense seismicity on the 16th of August 2014, as the magma broke out of the reservoir. The magma soon started to propagate towards northeast forming a dyke in the uppermost 6-10 km of the crust.
They present bodies performing inhuman deeds experiencing unattainable adventures in an unusual setting. The images are made from photos I've taken all around Iceland, put together without respect to geographical integrity to create unique landscapes and vistas for the characters.
If the big boys don't know what branding is all about, what hope is there for small and medium businesses?
Yarn: 90% merino ull (sw) + 10% nylon Weight: 100g Length: 400m Construction: 2ply / fingering/sock Needle size suggestion: depends on your project Care: I recommend hand wash even though the yarn is super-wash treated.
Opus Alexandrinum (1992) for cello and chamber orchestra, performed by Bryndís Halla and the CAPUT-ensemble, conducted by Guðmundur Óli Gunnarsson
The table shows the position of the shadow at one minute intervals from 19:03 to 19:09 UT.
In the work process I have been collecting various beats and different movements within nature.
The main cause of the current global warming is anthropogenic emission of carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases, such as methane (CH4), into the atmosphere.
The reluctance within the ASÍ to admit the shop/office workers reflected a long-standing antipathy to these groups, while politics were also a factor. The leaders of the shop/office workers' unions were members of the (conservative) Independence Party, while within the ASÍ radical socialists and communists were often dominant.
If the host university did not sign online, then students need to make a completely new agreement for the new courses.
When you download or register to use one of our apps, you may submit Personal Data to us such as your name, email address, phone number and other registration information.
Members of Efling and bosses of hotels seem well informed on their rights and duties,  he said.
HApeers into the live of architect Dagur Eggertsson, at Rintala Eggertsson Architects in Olso, Norway.
Kristin Sigurjonsdóttir violin and vocals, Jon Kjartan Ingolfsson double bass and vocals, Magni Fridrik Gunnarsson guitar and vocals, Helgi Thor Ingason accordion and vocals.
The menu has selections of antipasti and nibbles, perfect for sharing, as well as comforting bowls of pasta, beautiful fresh salads and grills.
The Smity Mini Club is a children's club that offers a variety of entertainment for the little ones during the day.
H: Maybe it changes into its own particles. S:Yes, when you strip it down.
Damn. When she handed him the coffee the smile that she had had just before was gone.
I make site specific sculptures and installations.
You can write your political representative, write articles in the papers, blog about the case, talk about the case on social media, subscribe to newsletters of NGOs and foundations that support the freedom of the press and freedom of information and/or donate to them.
Upon arrival you need to inform the staff how many individuals will be joining the party, what toppings you would like on your pizzas and what drinks fit best for your group.
This filter is an excellent tool for cooling down the sky while maintaining zero color change of the ground.
If gamma is close to 1 we get borderline cases.
In the night, satellite photographs illustrate well the difference between communism and capitalism:
Then to continue, tap  Next  in the top-right corner of the Find Your Code screen.
Þórhallur and Erla cultivate cucumbers and the greenhouses at Laugaland cover around 3600 square metres.
This conclusion reached by our kinsmen in Norway is very interesting, especially considering that the decision of the registration authorities in Iceland was that 100% THATBITCH was approved for registration with the view that the phrase was potentially empowering for women rather than the opposite.
Forgive my sentimentality, but I think these characters have a place in our hearts and souls.
The work is written for clarinet, cello and double bass and divided into six sections in which the instruments play at creating their own voices in a weaving of sound based on differing unison and polyphonic passages.
The new position of Assistant Professor in Geology, funded by the University of Iceland Anniversary Fund, is a part of a strategy that aims to strengthen basic research and teaching in Earth Sciences.
For this reason, many people become dependent on caffeine and experience withdrawal symptoms once they stop consuming it. These withdrawal symptoms include headaches, muscle pain and fatigue.
The microbiological spectrum has not changed much, streptococcus is still the most common pathogen, contrary to what is seen in other industrial countries where S. aureus is more frequent.
Complimentary internet connection (WiFi) and an outdoor hot tub and sauna to enjoy the midnight sun in the summer or northern lights on winter nights. Board
Alcohol sales in 2019 were just below 22.7 million liters, which is a 3.1% increase in liters from 2018.
Hallveig Rúnarsdóttir soprano, Elmar Gilbertsson tenor, and Snorri Sigfús Birgisson piano performed a premiere of the cycle in Hannesarholt in Reykjavík 11 March 2017.
With the musicians coming from the Reykjavík music scene and the song set to lyrics assembled from poems by artist Ásdís Sif Gunnarsdóttir, the piece becomes somewhat of a portrait of a certain generation of Reykjavík's creative scene as well as individual portraits of the musicians.
An overview of pathophysiology of swimmer's asthma is given and how it is connected to chloride that is used as a disinfectant.
The rear side of the iQOO 5 series features a triple camera system.
Hayek had also strengthened the argument of Ludwig von Mises for the unfeasibility of socialism, pointing out that the dispersal of knowledge required the dispersal of power.
Total compensation shall under no circumstances arising exceed SDR 2 per kilo of the gross weight of the Goods lost or damaged expect as prodived in Clause 7 (iii)
She graduated with a BA in fashion and textile studies from the Iceland Academy of the Arts in 2004 and completed her further studies at University of Leeds with MSc in Advanced Textiles and Performance Clothing in 2006.
Peppers are cultivated at Reitur from the middle of April until the beginning of December, but the cultivation starts with the sowing, which takes place on the 10th of January.
The student's solo shows are a part of the seminar Professor's workshops in the supervision of Hekla Dögg Jónsdóttir accompanied by teachers Unnar Örn and Sindri Leifsson.
For example, if a player who starts the round with 14 clubs decides to replace his or her putter with another putter between the play of two holes and does so without unreasonably delaying play, the player is not penalized if he or she realizes the mistake and corrects it prior to making the next stroke with any club.
The Stalinists had however in 1968 to dissolve their party, and the People's Alliance formed in 1956 was then transformed from an electoral alliance into a political party, bitterly fighting the Social Democrats, but without formal ties with the Soviet Union.
Would have allowed him to order a pizza and watch this nonsense into the night.
I had some experience with strength training and boxing at Mjölnir before so I did some private lessons there.
Some of the more adventurous flavours we have tried out are: Beer ice-cream, rye bread ice-cream, lavender ice-cream, bacon ice-cream and curry ice-cream with coconut and chilli.
Step4 Navigate to web wechat official website with any kind of browser such as Safari or Chrome, then a big QR code will show up.
By their fierce campaign against the book, the Icelandic communists managed to delay the appearance of its second part until 1944, and then it was published by some individuals and not by the social democratic book club.
For example, you can add a logo that will be displayed if your header is using the dark skin and another one that will be displayed if the header is using the light skin.
His paper formed a part of a joint project by RNH and AECR, the Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists, on  Europe, Iceland and the Future of Capitalism .
It is not society, it is politics that separates itself from society, the politics maintain injustice, and injustice is a crime. People have an innate inclination towards solidarity and helping those in need.
It is an epic battle between the elements and a unique opportunity to get close to red-hot lava, see it flowing, hear it sizzling, and feel the intense heat that radiates from it.
Heida troubadour is working on a solo-album with material that can be performed with one voice and one folk-guitar.
Hence, some counterpoints will be created in the exhibition space where the art pieces either trouble or add to each other.
The PolarPro Mavic 2 filters replace the stock UV filter enabling you to shoot through no additional glass elements.
You can check your walking distance, speed, heart rate changes, calories burned, and other key factors such as whether you are exercising in your fat burning zone or cardiopulmonary strengthening zone based on your heart rate, as well as receiving instant alerts when your heart rate gets too high.
Viktoría is 30 years old and holds a Bachelors degree in psychology and a diploma in vocational rehabilitation.
In 2017 Eva Þyri participated in The Icelandic Opera's production of La Voix Humaine by Poulenc, and in December 2018 she and Erla Dóra Vogler mezzosoprano will release a cd with works for solo voice and piano by Jórunn Viðar, in celebration of her 100th birthday.
Net interest income was ISK 38.1 bn as compared with ISk 39.7 bn in 2019.
You can filter hotels by price to show only those that match your budget, or you can sort by price to display the cheapest hotels first.
With more decisive diagnosis we could be able to reduce use of computerized tomography and in that way reduce cost.
Baseline for fluoride in vegetation, 2004 og 2005.
The reception was directed by City Councillor Gisli Marteinn Baldursson, with Professor Kristmundsson and Bjorn Bjarnason, former Minister of Justice, giving short talks, and a jazz band directed by P. E. J. Gunnlaugsson performing.
Gudvangen (1883) by Norwegian painter Georg Anton Rasmussen is the oldest painting in the Hotel Holt collection and can be found in Thingholt along with two bronze and silver works by Swedish sculptor Walter Bengtsson, Afródíte / Afrodite (1967) and Stórveldin / The Superpowers (1975).
He studied Organ and Church Music at the Royal College of Music.
Ástríður Alda and Bjarni Thor will dig into concert programs from the past and perform a selection of songs and arias.
One Box of 16 Bars – 32g per Bar
Here we have some cherries, cedar and lyng berry in the aroma. The taste is smooth and has a cherry, graham cracker and lyng taste, the wine has a good balance og fruit and tannins.
As an user you will benefit from the following features: - Browse your files and folders - View, open and share files directly from your device - Store files from other apps on your share - Decide how long a file will stay on your device - Decide how you will open or view a file - Get access to files from external partners in the same App - Always be in sync with the corporate file server - Always have access to the latest version of the file
From Iceland to Italy, and all over the U.S., Dirty Cello brings the world a high energy and unique spin on blues and bluegrass.
Offering a barbecue and hot tub, Diamond Suites is located in Keflavík, 21 mi from Reykjavík.
In 2017, we determined to focus on digital development and made certain key changes to enable that journey.
In addition to lions Give park boasts of elephants, wild boars, antelopes, camels, tapirs, hippos, zebras, ostriches, lamas and many exotic birds.
Many Icelandic leftists also worked as volunteers on Castro's sugar plantations, including literary critic Silja Adalsteinsdottir, also for a while editor of The Nation's Will, and labour leader Pall Halldorsson.
Hosted by acclaimed literary writer and television host Jessika Gedin, the audience can look forward to stellar performances by Västerås Sinfonietta and chief conductor Cathrine Winnes, the Icelandic duo Hugar, breakthrough group The Mamas, and many more.
All over his home one sees his artistic touch and recognises motives from his two- and three-dimensional works.
D and Ed. The goal of the doctoral programme is to bolster the abilities of candidates in independent scientific research and scholarly activities.
The hot tubs have a health water in them that comes from a drilling hole by Hofsstaðir. The water is good to treat all sorts of skin problems such as exem and psoriasis.
She continues to talk about Mark Watson and the Icelandic sheepdog.  I understand he took his first dogs to California. Then returning to England his stock was somewhat reduced, as he lost several to a virus called Hard Pad at that time.
However the talks of Drífa Snædal, President of ASÍ, and Stefán Ólafsson, Professor at the University of Iceland and Efling's employee, on the renewal of wage agreements and the situation in the labor market will be streamed through the union's Facebook page at 18:00.
It is a series called soil nr 6.
Waders (dunlin, knot, sandpipers and stints) breed almost exclusively in the Arctic with total populations of individual species of up to 3.5 million birds, some of them also using the tundra wetlands.
If you have something not belonging there please contact some of our staff.
Usually until 01:00 a.m. entrance to many clubs is free.
He mostly uses video but in many ways his work could as easily be classed as music.
The dilemma at hand isn't plastics per se, but rather how we use them.
As Icelandic pharmacies and drug firms modelled themselves mostly upon Danish firms tablet production was first instituted in Iceland around 1930.
Waffles, coffee and cocoa for sale in the Kvikan Cultural Centre in aid of the women's 3rd football group.
Interplay Sigurjón Ólafsson & Finn Juhl Thinking across Sculpture and Design Sculptures by Sigurjón Ólafsson and furniture by the Danish designer and architect Finn Juhl
They are drawings (the establishment of contours), paintings (the composition of coloured paper shapes), and sculptures (the cutting of the paper).
The main command loop has 6 subcommands (plus help and quit). status
Since then, she has sometimes spent more time behind the wheel of a tractor than on her studies.
Aluminium-free, botanically based formulation containing Zinc Ricinoleate and a considered blend of essential oils, including Rosemary, Sage and Eucalyptus, to help mask disagreeable body odours.
That can happen to people after severe alcohol consumption but has nothing to do with mania, where people even behave completely opposite to their actual character.
It is the first time Handel's oratorio is performed in Iceland and it was most certainly an event to remember
In catering, the last-minute rush before serving food is often stressful, inefficient and expensive.
The Nordic Model is renowned for its inclusive approach to society and for laying the groundwork for the prosperity in the region.
The programme includes courses, organised walks around campus, mentor mingle, reception with music and light refreshments, School welcome meetings and social events.
Microbial growth and enzymatic processes lead to rapid loss of original quality in fresh fish and seafood.
Tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers are the predominant products of greenhouse farming in Iceland.
Stormfuglen is in a big fight with Aldís Lind who will be on top number 1. and the Stormfuglen was with 43.8 tonnes in 4 rows still Aldís Lind 42.3 tonnes in 3 rows, and it is enough to hold the top set, but in fact only 600 kilos will pass between them,
Teams can also be assigned mentors for the implementation process, to work on certain aspects of the idea.
Start your day with our delicious, varied, high-quality breakfast. Daily from 07:30 till 11:00.
ÞMÞ: Right, I've been involved in organizing them. There are others who are more interested in politics and understand that better, but I've been really involved and organized events and performances in conjunction with the strikes.
2018 saw the release of it's not us and it's you, [Nothing Too Fancy Music] the band's eleventh and twelfth full-length studio albums.  [They] represent the band, because [they] basically run the gamut from prog rock to dance,  says Brendan.
When you finish the quiz, you'll have your logo ready in no time.
Kvika and the Icelandic Opera have signed an agreement making Kvika the main sponsor of the Icelandic Opera.
In Sumarnótt (Death Is Elsewhere) the artist returns to familiar territory, where a romantic utopian spirit reigns. The ambiance is one of insouciance and melancholy as young couples wander through unvarying lowlands, singing to a guitar accompaniment.
You can also rent a 4WD car for your company so nothing will stop you. We offer you a free hotel pick up.
Despite the shocking propaganda campaign of the Icelandic elite conducted against the interests of taxpayers and the general public, voters were not fooled.
Instead of wallowing in the fact that my jealousy was a sign of bad character (which my character usually is in the morning), I thought to myself that my jealousy was a sign of them doing something I would like to be doing but didn't dare to do myself.
DRÁPUHLÍÐarfjall Drápuhlíðarfjall is a 527 colorful mountain that contains both basalt and lipite and many unique stones.
Would you prefer to go out with a group of friends or by yourself?
RU is a member of NORDTEK - a network of Rectors and Deans in the technical universities of the Nordic countries.
Peppers are especially rich in vitamins B and C; the red fruits contain three times the amount of vitamin C compared to oranges, and the green fruits twice the amount.
Welcome to n online moderated debate about the state of art of women's rights across Europe, the alternatives and contributions of the feminist and human rights movements and organisatons to respond to COVID19 and to the Future of Europe.
The Flói irrigation system reached over 12 thousand hectares of land and became a major transition in farming and production in the area at the time.
She is getting used to her home country again, in particular its swimming pools, liquorice and having her family close by.
Working current at 7amp is safe for all car outlet.
The company can provide all anodes and other supplies required.
Each cylinder is fitted with a cylinder valve tailored to suit the gas and pressure requirements.
Islamophobia also appears in the form of micro aggression and how negative stereotypes about Muslims influence people's behaviour towards those who they assume are Muslims, or from the Middle East.
If you wish to have a Danish mobile phone number without being registered with the National Register, you can avail yourself of pre-paid phone cards, which can be purchased in kiosks and at petrol stations.
The texts by Paul Griffiths, a fantasy on Hamlet's Ophelia, provide the perfect vehicle for Abrahamsen's and Hannigan's interpretative powers.
The surroundings of a three-dimensional sculpture can influence the sculpture, just as acoustics can influence sound.
The comparison occurs within the juxtaposition of the Mars bar's physical presence and the relative absence of planet Mars.
Your former colleagues at the IMF last year cautioned against a banking crisis, but this massive debt has up to now had rather little impact.
The oldest and one of the best known opera houses in the world burned in the beginning of 1996.
- Hover boards (hover boards, balance wheels, scooters) that use lithium batteries to operate. - Other items that may be detrimental to the safety of the aircraft, passengers or property.
Place the potatoes in an oven dish and press and squeeze them slightly to brake the skin.
Such vaccines contain virus particles that have been rendered incapable of reproduction, added to which is the genetic material for the protein that is most important to the immune system in the fight against the coronavirus.
The Nordic governments finance the organisations of the women's movement at least on a par with other organisations in civil society so that feminism has an impact and true gender equality is attained in society.
Plastic is to become plastic again and for every ton of recycled plastic, 1.8 tons of oil is saved.
Icelandair offers frequent cheap flights to Manchester from North America for an afternoon at Old Trafford, followed by pints in a pub or an all-nighter at a club.
One idea for the upcoming season could i.g. include mix of streamers and nymphs.
D: But on reflection, the sculpture in the middle is much like a drawing.
At the commencement of doctoral studies, the Faculty's research-based study committee shall, in consultation with the student, assign the student an academic supervisor in the relevant field.
This intuitive way of logging into your device ensures secure access to your drone and its onboard data storage, thus preventing leakage of sensitive information.
The Nobel Committee (composed of the Academy's secretary and two other members) recommended that the prizes should be shared between the Icelandic authors Gunnar Gunnarsson and Halldór Laxness.
The largest benefit of zone is its pure caracter. It only oxidizes substances, and as a result byproduct formation rarely occurs.
She currently lives and works in Reykjavík, and is a board member of the artist run Kling & Bang gallery, Reykjavík.
Saturday before Easter: Catholics pray and reflect on those things happening to Jesus and the reasons for it.
Vivekananda reminded people that as rather few have time to practise one path exclusively, it would be more sense to practise several yoga paths together, i.e. meditate on our work with Karma Yoga, cultivate our love and devotion with Bhakti Yoga, exercise our discrimination and knowledge with Gnani Yoga, practise concentration of the mind and meditation with Raja Yoga and in so doing emphasize the path that is most natural to us.
It is best to store in the fridge for 1-2 hours before the salad is served.
We point out that although some manufacturers claim on their packaging for wet wipes, that they may be disposed of in the toilet, that is simply not right.
Unlike other pieces in the same series, in this work Erró brings together portraits of artists associated with the same school of art, works by German expressionists such as Bechmann, Dix, Felixmüller, Grosz, Kirchner, Kokoschka, Schiele etc.
Parts of Iceland were once below sealevel and when ceramic is made (burned clay) from Icelandi clay, salt precipitatoins become visual on the surface indicating that the clay was formed below sea level.
The most persistent people can go to such clubs, where entertainment lasts from Saturday to Monday evening.
Genetic and epigenetic changes of genes involved in the DDR can increase the risk of developing cancer.
The assessment committee included Guðrún Larsen, Emeritus Research Professor, University of Iceland and Dr. Bruce F. Houghton, Professor and Gordon A. Macdonald Chair in Volcanology, Department of Geology and Geophysics, University of Hawai'i at Mānoa Abstract.
Guja Sandholt lives in Utrecht and Reykjavík and performs regularly in the Netherlands, Iceland and internationally. She enjoys a busy schedule as a soloist and ensemble singer. She is also the Artistic Director of Reykajvík Opera Days, a festival dedicated to the classical vocal arts.
Towards modernity in Icelandic design The Museum of Design and Applied Art's summer exhibition focuses on a few aspects of the arrival of modernism in Icelandic domestic interiors from about 1930 and into the 1980s.
With this in mind, it is therefore also proposed that the Nordics engage in a strategic dialogue on new technologies, such as wireless network technology (5G/6G), AI, quantum computing and blockchain technology.
Put the chicken back on the pan and simmer until the sauce begins to thicken and the chicken has cooked through.
What will happen to society, politics, and daily life when non-conscious but highly intelligent algorithms know us better than we know ourselves?
It weighed a talent[e] of gold, and it was set with precious stones.
The starting point of Þór's works is form and color, the basic foundations of art. They are not intended to give us concrete meaning, but they first and foremost create an experience of form and space.
Guitarist Jón Hilmar holds his first solo concert in three places in Austurland.
Organic wines usually have less sulphite than non-organic wines.
In addition, you must not damage, disable or otherwise interfere with the KIA Account or introduce into the KIA Account any viruses,  worms , malware, spyware,  trojans  or any other harmful code or program that could compromise the operation of the KIA Account.
The bathroom is also elegant, with parquet on the floor.
Unlike some other religious groups Christians wanted to render unto Caesar what was Ceaser's and to render unto God what was God's.
Not like I am in love with my husband (actually, Pablo would actually like my husband more than me that way;) but OMG, I wish I could make an itty bitty clone version of him that I could always take with me when going jeans shopping.
This policy has a common denominator in the proliferation of power plants that took place in Iceland in the early twentieth century when the farmers Bjarni in Hólmur, the brothers from Svínadalur, and others build turbines from coastal eruptions and power plants for all those who needed them.
Designers and architects will be stuck mass producing a lot of garbage if they don't make their voices heard and try to change this negative trend.
Federico Fernandez from the Austrian Economics Institute in Vienna spoke about the bankruptcy of socialism in Venezuela.
All the app modules are controlled from a web-based system accessible where ever you are in the world.
Actually Disney's Fantasia is not too far away next Thursday June 30 at 12 noon either, when Hörður Áskelsson, organist of Hallgrímskirkja and artistic director of the International Organ Summer, gives a concert. On his programme is namely Bach's D-minor Toccata and Fugue, which happens to be the opening work of Fantasia.
They might not have access to a safe place to service clients and are more exposed to abuse if they have to go to a safe location, where they don't know the exits and it can be more difficult to seek help if they are abused.
It was cozy yet spacious, unassuming but colorful, earnest and playful at the same time.
Charles Rennie Mackintosh was a designer and architect who left his brilliant art nouveau stamp on his home city - start discovering his fine forms at the Glasgow School of Art.
The rector may, upon an agreement being entered into between the relevant faculty and institute and in consultation with the dean of school, transfer research specialists, research scholars and research scientists to the position of lecturer, senior lecturer or professor, in which case they shall assume teaching and administrative duties at the relevant faculty.
However, it is very good to store tomatoes on the kitchen table, because then members of the household can nibble on a tomato once in a while.
Broccoli is high in fibres and a great alternative to spinach for people who lack iron.
Four internationally renowned fisheries economists spoke at a conference held by the School of Social Sciences at the University, RNH and others in honour of Professor Ragnar Arnason 14 June 2019 on  Offshore Fisheries of the World: Towards a Sustainable and Profitable System:  Professors Trond Bjorndal, Rognvaldur Hannesson, Gordon Munro and James Wilen.
This star is certainly showing us unexpected sides of the short, but dramatic lives of the heaviest stars.
- If your rabbit is pooing or spraying urine everywhere, this is probably due to your rabbit marking his territory.
The club has an excellent billiard room, there is also a beautiful bar with an abundance of treats and signature cocktails.
Instead, we will continue to share things with you online, both music and art, and now we would like to share with you a wonderful musical piece, as renowned soprano Diddú, Sigrún Hjálmtýsdóttir, performs the aria  Casta diva  from the opera Norma by Bellini, accompanied by Antonía Hevesi, the artistic director of the Hafnarborg Midday Concert Series, on piano.
Polar Amoroq takes 1660mtr Atlantica troll from Isfell.
In the podcast, Snorri Björnsson talks to Erla Björnsdóttir, a clinincal psychologist with a PhD degree in sleep medicine about goal setting and the relationship between sleep and physical and mental health.
(i) Freight shall be payable on actual gross intake weight or measurement, or on actual gross discharged weight or measurement, if the Carrier chooses so.
Many municipalities offer inexpensive access to potato gardens.
Fish is rich in protein and trace elements such as iodine and selenium.
The risk of serious influenza complications is highest among the elderly and people with suppressed immune systems, and each year the flu leads to death among senior citizens.
I don't think my guitar was ever that much into folk.
In the chapel of Christian I there is a column on which the height of royal visitors are marked.
We cook from the finest ingredients available with no unnecessary additives. In our Grindavík restaurant we serve fresh local fish, salads, sandwiches, vegetarian and vegan dishes, among other amazing dishes.
Amy Porterfield, started out as a Facebook guru but has expanded into online marketing in general.
By accessing, browsing and using our (mobile) website or any of our applications through whatever platform (hereafter collectively referred to as the  Platform ) and/or by completing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below (including the privacy statement).
Consider that it was perhaps not so much Ancient Egypt that built the pyramids, as it was the pyramids that built Ancient Egypt.
Good nutrition is very important for all older people, but especially those who are ill or have been diagnosed with chronic disease or dementia.
UNICAM has an important tradition in didactics and in scientific research: there are numerous and innovative degrees being offered in the different faculties including Masters degrees, and many of its professors have received prestigious national and international recognition.
The indication is that this trip is record-breaking for Icelandic trawl. Before the trip, Sólberg took two new Arctic 612 trawls from Ísfell in use.
There is strong evidence that similar radioactive atoms were incorporated into the cloud that collapsed to form our Sun and planets, so the Carina Nebula may provide additional insights into the creation of our own Solar System.
On completing the programme, a candidate shall receive a qualification certificate signed by the head of faculty.
Gunnlaugur turns more towards expressionism and cubism with simple structure by putting the focus on geometrical forms.
Returning with great anticipation to S12-Galleri and Verksted in Bergen, Norway, to work with Æsa Björk, glass artist and sculptor. Can´t wait to see this project take off! 1st session 5-11 October.
Usage of drones has expanded since then, and the focus of the company has shifted from selling custom built drones to data services.
These situations also create a higher likelihood of the clients that end up actually taking the risk and coming to us think there is nothing wrong with breaking the law, which means that those clients are more likely to be dangerous.
Blood pressure is measured and urine protein is checked.
The fifth generation of Sandholt Master Bakers offer its customers new and exciting novelties from one of the oldest bakeries in Iceland, which opened in 1920.
Hildur: We're not doing any tricks on the skateboard, we just use them to get places.
The plan is then to delve deeper into each of those five themes in the coming year with five more books in the Marketing Untangled series, giving you all the tools you need to master this marketing thing;) I do hope you'll grab a preview.
The harsher tone in the statement appears to be triggered primarily by the CBI's considerably upbeat output growth forecast for the upcoming two years, which will contribute to higher inflation after this year.
On that occasion, the Catholic Church in Iceland sent the following press release:  His Holiness Pope Paul VI has given Iceland the honour of restoring an autonomous Catholic diocese in the country, by establishing the Diocese of Reykjavík.
Be careful not to have a lamp near curtains or other combustible materials and never put blankets over a lamp
Everything in this world comes and goes in it's own time. However, humans tend to look at things in retrospect. Humanity usually holds onto old traditions like Punk-retro-vintage clothing, neon colored clothing, fishnet T-shirts, and elegant style.
The range of collections reflects the diversity of the town's population, from an assortment of typewriters to cinema programs and serviettes to wasp nests.
Eimverk Distillery is Icelands' first and only whisky distillery and a perfect destination for whiskey fans and for anyone with an interest in Icelandic Spirits.
At first we had a hard time believing that atomic nickel could really be present in 2I/Borisov that far from the Sun.
The cliffs are home to million of seabirds, including puffins, guillemots and razorbills.
I tend to go for relatively minimal and simple decor, as well as decor that resonates with me personally.
It also has a positive effect on the kidneys, can prevent gallstones and increases the good cholesterol (HDL) in the body.
Sucrose tests are made and the amount of glucose in blood samples studied.
Fur and intestine content provide fibre while the liver and meat and bones provide protein, fat, vitamins and minerals.
In 2011 he made a first CD on the Puget organ of la Dalbade in Toulouse, where he recorded his organ version of Berlioz Symphonie Fantastique in 2013.
Another reason that the word  criticism  has acquired some negative connotations in daily speech is that it is heavily used in connection with the evaluation of works of literature and art, which is an area where fashion and the variability of human taste have a great importance.
So every year she needs to use mules to transfer the harvest from her farm down to the nearest road where the coffee can be loaded into trucks.
In recent years, Elín Harpa has worked with the Icelandic band Bang Gang and toured Asia with them.
Aðalbakarí is a nice bakery and coffehouse at Aðalgata in downtown Siglufjörður.
Siberian Ginseng (Elethrococcus senticocus) – Is milder than normal ginseng and strengthens the whole body.
This means that humanism will disappear as an unsynchronized primal provocation, a conclusion which will call forth the end to feelings of touch, smell, sight, and hearing.
The international team found that the amount of sodium in the stars was a very strong predictor of how they ended their lives.
Smelter: Reduce consumption of gasoline and diesel by 10% of baseline (to be defined) every 2 years for 10 years (a total of 50% reduction over ten years).
The last ten years have been like some crazy marathon run, and frankly kind of a ridiculous one at that. You're always so busy working on whatever's going on right now, and getting ready for the next big thing, that you hardly ever have time to look back at what's come before,  she says, admitting that when she and her husband first went into shoemaking, they had no idea just how much work would be involved.
By comparison with naturalistic images, these strong, stylised women bear only a distant resemblance to reality, drawn from deep in the artist's memory.
Fluoride emissions per ton of aluminum produced * Disclaimer: The results for fluoride and airborne dust are uncertain for 2012 due to a lack of survey data on the emission through the chimney stack.
The policeman's affidavit is also very at odds with information that companies affiliated with Samherji have received from the Namibian authorities in recent months.
INCREASE TIP-1 (evenly spaced): To work out how to increase evenly, count the total number of stitches on the needle (e.g. 42 stitches) minus the 2 edge stitches and divide by the number of increases to be made (e.g. 20) = 2.
I base the structure of the moving-image on sonata no. 2 by Chopin (1810-1849), but Fluctuation is no other way related to the sonata.
Hayek argued that communism and nazism were parallel ideologies rather than opposites.
There are no additives, no genetically modified substances, no color, flavors nor shelf-life-enhancing substances, and they are free from hormones and toxins.
Academic staff within faculties and school institutes shall also be members of the school assembly, elected for two-year terms by the faculties and institutes in question, in accordance with more detailed rules set by the governing board of the school.
The movie was first released in 1998, a nostalgic time when computer technology was in its infancy.
As it decreases, the body can make better use of the testosterone produced, and production increases.
But Stubby couldn't resist the crumbs in the pan, scraping them off with the spatula and licking it.
An elderly gentleman brought out his accordion and the entire assembly burst out singing; young and old reciting the same songs that have been sung at gatherings in the Icelandic countryside for generations.
Ágúst has attended master classes with renowned organists, such as Hans-Ola Ericsson, Mattias Wager, and Christopher Herrick.
monitoring compliance with the provisions of item 4, Article 69 of this Regulation, stipulating that a faculty member of academic staff may not be admitted to a doctoral programme within that faculty,
- Pubs & Clubs Diamond Lounge & bar is a exquisite bar located in our Versace reception with a large selection of wines, whiskeys, beers and cocktails as well as your favorite coffee drinks.
The theme of Friðheimar cuisine is tomatoes, in many different forms.
Egill is also a regular and much-visited blogger on the website Eyjan.is and a regular commentator on current affairs at the English-speaking Reykjavik magazine Grapevine.
There is also a unique doll museum with over 350 antique dolls and ca 40 doll houses; a toy theater with six performances daily; a wild-west town with an Indian settlement, pony riding, gold-digging and a saloon; furthermore trains, cars, boats and kindergartens.
But on closer examination it transpires that the forms evoke something tangible: broadly speaking, we can distinguish a human figure with a rectangular head, holding a bow in its hands.
Now, they grow 17 types of herbs at Ártangi, but mostly basil, coriander, green mint, parsley, rosemary and thyme.
Home made tomato drink with vodka and a drop of Tabasco
I am a place right now where I write folksy-popsy songs and play in a singer/songwriter style built up around vocals and guitar.
My friend Ellen was making a lot of funny sound and positions to make them pose, but mostly they looked surprised
Sign up for the Kling & Bang newsletter and get the dates directly into your mailbox. Follow this link to sign up http://eepurl.com/jHMJT
This fight against the headscarf has often been put forward under the flag of feminism but as the scholar Lila Abu-Lughod has rightly pointed out, feminism that tries to bring freedom to women by removing their freedom cannot be called feminism.
Many of those who attended Browder's lecture blogged about it.
If the seals are on the rocks they most often greet the kayakers by swimming around them in the ocean.
Therefore, we encourage people not to use the toilet as trash cans.
The leaves are sweet, with anise and a liquorice flavor, as well as a smell. The flavor comes from an essential oil called anethole, which is in the syrup and is the same compound that is found in fennel and anise.
From 1953 the company's output was characterised by a simplification of form and decorations consisting of modernist imagery.
The are surrounding the hotel is increasingly getting more popular, both with locals and tourists and the hotel along with the restaurant fit well in the diverse neighbourhood which connects Grandi, the old harbour and town central in a great way.
The virtue of chastity therefore involves the integrity of the person and the integrality of the gift.
The style of furniture Jónas drew during this time in Germany is consistent with the period, when modernism was finding its way into furniture design.
When the results of these studies are taken together they unambiguously support that cannabis use is an independent risk factor for psychosis and may also give rise to chronic psychotic disorders like schizophrenia.
Her sculptural works are often made out of scrap wood, plumbing parts and other readily available construction materials, and the role of labour, rather than craft, is emphasized in the process of making.
This waste produces methane gas which is an especially harmful greenhouse gas.
Eiríkur has mostly created figurative paintings but also book-art and used books in his work.
The Vatnsnes Yarn Advent Calender contains 620g hand dyed yarn from Vatnsnes Yarn, a pattern for a knitted shawl and some items related to knitting / crochet.
The plant started production in September 2012 with a capacity to freeze 600 tons of Mackerel in 24 hours, and storing 6.000 tons of frozen product in a new cold store.
Therefore it is important to distinguish between servicing a client, where consent and pre established contract has been made, and when a client abuses the sex worker.
This could be due to the fact that people have high expectations of Nolan, making him an easy target for criticism, or the fact that the actors had to nail some scenes on the first take, as the film the movie was shot on is very expensive, so the acting may seem insincere.
Within the festival, they will on the one hand serve both a producer and venue, by offering their premises to 1857 and A Kassen, and on the other as author, or artists' group, by presenting an installation comprised of a video archive consisting of artists' work in the Reykjavík Art Museum.
That way, I can make pottery that feels plastic to the touch, or even rubbery.
Don't forget to choose a typeface to go with your blog or company name and slogan in addition to the shapes.
Stops are made by various buildings such as Laxdalshús, Höepfnershús, the old pharmacy and Gudmanns Minde.
Above the 2  (71cm) high and 8  (2.4m) wide raw plywood stage, 2 nets each held a forty pound block of dry ice.
Nightclubs and discos are open all year round.
December 1st – Duo for Violin and Cello by Zoltán Kodály Performers: Sigrún Eðvaldsdóttir violin and Bryndís Halla Gylfadóttir cello.
In his compositions Páll seeks inspiration from East-European art music and can be described as organic linear tranformations with a spiritual undertone.
Growing kittens have higher energy demands than typical adults so kitten foods contain higher levels of vitamins and minerals and more protein than diets for adult cats.
You can contact Stefán or Hilmar if you want to join the club without going through the website.
Tannins, Flavonoids, Amino Acids, Calcium, Magnesium, Potassium, Iron, Chromium, Zinc, Copper, Carotene, Vitamin B and a lot of Vitamin C (one of the riches sources in the whole plant kingdom!)
It won't be surprising if Sigurbjörn, who is a member of Vestmannaeyjar Chess Club, manages his second IM norm.
However, there are a few things that come to my mind regarding the interplay between being an young woman and a feminist who is has recently moved to a small fishing village, and I would like to share my experiences of it with the hope of raising some sort of awareness.
What determines the value of beta is the volatility in returns on the stock in question in excess of expected market returns.
There's a quirky humor that I've rarely seen before, and I found myself exploding into laughter many times for its simplicity and easy flow.
Earlier this morning President Piñera officially welcomed his counterparts, Presidents Calderón, Humala and Santos to the Summit, accompanied by the President of the ESO Council, Xavier Barcons, the Director General of ESO, Tim de Zeeuw, ESO's Representative in Chile, Massimo Tarenghi, and the Director of the Observatory, Andreas Kaufer.
But today I want to say it publicly and with a loud voice, that the Passion of Jesus is neither false nor a fiction.
At the core of the autistic reality there is no high or low functioning, that distinction is just another superficial label we have been made to wear by a society that resists looking deeper.
I will stop using disposable masks and gloves. On occasion I will allow myself some hot water, shampoo and soap but otherwise I will base my lifestyle on organic products.
Beef Carpaccio, juice & smoothie Bar, grilled chicken and vegetable spears, salads, Eggs Benedict, real American Pancakes, pasta Tagliatelle and specially made gourmet baked goods from Haust Restaurant's bakery.
So the cost is quite high, not to mention the million the device itself cost.
This traveling exhibition aims to raise awareness about the overuse of plastic in the world.
The dark dune fields lying between the rover and Mount Sharp can be seen in the lower portion of the picture.
Eating ancestrally is even more about what you don´t eat than what you do: No refined or denatured foods or ingredients, such as refined sugar or high fructose corn syrup; no white flour; no canned foods; no processed soy or fake meats; no pasteurized, homogenized, skim or low-fat milk; no refined or hydrogenated vegetable oils; no refined, packed products; no protein powders; no synthetic vitamins nor toxic additives and no artificial colourings.
They are of friends; Bella D'arcangelo age 8; Kristian Emdal and Antoine Wagner; a self portrait of the artist; two pictures of the Japanese figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu; a drawing made after Michelangelo's portrait of Andrea Quaratesi; a scene of Belle collapsing in the arms of Le Bete from Jean Cocteau's 'La Belle et la Bête'; and a painting of flowers.
You end up not knowing the difference between jokes and what's not funny at all.
Home cooked diets If you are willing to cook for your dog, or prefer to cook for your dog, remember that meat alone is low in vitamins A and D and in calcium.
Where can I check if I'm on a priority list?
Stefán continues the train of conversation:  For me, the set is just the first 30 seconds.
Scherzo (1985) for flute, clarinet, violin and viola
Drinkable nutricosmetic with regenerating and highly antioxidant properties. Helps to reactivate the cell metabolism of the skin and slow down aging.
Aurora Design Fund allocated ISK 11.580,000 to designers and architects for projects within graphic design, fashion design, food design, product design and architecture.
The venue was transformed into a city of the future, where stalls and bars had been set up to serve lavish street-food to all the guests of the party.
If a female carrier has a son, she will pass on either the X chromosome with the normal gene, or the X chromosome with the changed gene.
Another option to do on the Costa Brava is snorkeling in paradise beach bays.
Beethoven completed the sonata in 1801, and in 1802 he dedicated it to the Italian Countess Giulietta Guicciardi.
Their density is about 20-25 grams per square meter.
Sampling and analytical methods were developed to studying the concentration of various sulfur species present in geothermal waters including sulfide (H2S), sulfate (SO4), sulfite (SO3), thiosulfate (S2O3) and polythionates (SnO6).
Windows will try to connect to the printer and ask for permission to set up a driver.
The Shutter Collection for the DJI Phantom 3 contains ND16, ND32, and ND64 filters for reducing the camera's shutter speed.
The design of these trawls has, among other things, used a computer simulator that has given measurements that are very close to the actual numbers in use.
So, what should you feed your rabbit?
Ranking, preferred programme, stars and guest reviews
The theme for this year's conference is  Anarchy in Crisis  – is the anarchist movement in crisis and how do anarchists respond to the global crises (climate, finance, pandemics, etc)?
The ensemble was founded with the dual objectives of giving regular public performances of chamber music from the Baroque era to the 20th century, and providing musicians with varied and challenging opportunities to perform live.
We set ourselves a rule early on that as soon as a particular show is over, for example VHS biðst forláts, we stop telling those jokes at shows.
Their broad and ever expanding repertoire covers more than five centuries and different musical styles, contemporary classical music, minimal music, baroque music on period instruments, flamenco, jazz, pop music and experimental rock.
The tomatoes are now grown all year, using state-of-the-art technology in an environmentally-friendly way. Green energy, pure water and biological pest controls make for tasty and healthful tomatoes.
Through sparging, a gas such as nitrogen, carbon dioxide or argon is added to or bubbled through a food or beverage.
In the popular music bars and discotheques of the coast, visitors will always find a cheerful noisy atmosphere, fine drinks, high-quality sound.
Access to electricity, toilets and showers at a campground is considered part of the property service and is therefore subject to VAT at the reduced rate whether the service is included in the entrance fee for camping or sold separately to guests of the camp site.
Mix vodka and liquers in a Long Drink glass filled with ice. Top with Sprite and finally add a couple of drops of Grenadine.
Certain parts of the mass, like the Holy Communion, have a variable length due to different numbers of church guests. Thus it is necessary for the organist to be able to improvise, say over a hymn, at different length according to circumstance.
Amino acids and enzymes don`t work and so vitamins and other nutrients don`t get broken down and absorbed properly.
In the customer profile, people can find useful and fun statistics about their purchases.
A selection of coffee beans with nutty and chocolatey flavour
Ægir frá Móbergi - is one of few splash carriers that show no signs of it on his appearance.
Their legacy is the Italian Chapel, Orkney's most visited tourist attraction.
Soloists: Thelma Hrönn Sigurdórsdóttir, Lilja Dögg Gunnarsdóttir, Guðmundur Vignir Karlsson, Rakel Edda Guðmundsdóttir and Vigdís Sigurðardóttir
Included in price is a warm overalls to secure your comfort on board, hot drinks and local refreshments,sea angling at the end of the tour and a grill of freshly caught fish once back in Dalvík.
Nothing is being done to protect the ones who dare to stand up and fight for what is right.
In our next blogs we will be discussing the main nutrients and vital vitamins that can be found in Pure Natura´s products, their purpose and in which product you can find what.
Here Vesturport takes on the comedy-form where the doors open and close at the correct moment, the characters appear at uncomfortable times or leave the stage right before everything becomes intolerably embarrassing.
The rooms at our hotels are different depending on the style of each hotel but they what they have in common is that they are all decorated in a modern scandi comfort.
I travelled a couple of times to Iceland from the Netherlands to collect photographs and instead of capturing moments I set them up, either in a studio or on locations that had significance meaning for my sister, such as Skorradalur, Nauthólsvík and various swimming pools in the area around Reykjavík.
Equally believable is its depiction of the rise of Nazism in Germany and how it affected not only Jews but also other stigmatised groups.
The answer lies in Ayn Rand's rhetorical invocation of despair in her 1957 epic Atlas Shrugged:  Who is John Galt?  Simply put, when the state seizes the incentives and drivers of capital investment, owners of capital go on strike.
Guðrún Borghildur lines her mittens with upcycled cashmere sweaters to make them exceptionally soft inside.
a real double-decker thunder burger of the biggest sort, with ham, bacon, cheese, iceberg salad, onion, bell pepper, tomato and sauceapriku, tómati og sósu
The breakdown of proteins by microorganisms gives rise to unpleasant odors.
x = Available for car model * = Vehicle is equipped with a cooler but a separate 12V cooling box can be rented, rates apply. ** = Extra gas canister for standalone Primus (1 included per rental).
The lower part of the front is made of large stones with deep gaps between them and the higher part is relatively delicate and decorative.
Beyond the mind focuses on drawing, to draw from ones imagination.
The first movement resembles the music Mozart wrote for Don Giovanni, when Don Giovanni stabs the Commendatore to death in a duel.
In the process, the entrepreneur Helga Gísladóttir from Unnarholtskot finally received recognition, but she cultivated a new variety of potatoes (Helgan or  the Helga ) which received recognition as a premium potato, the only one of the three types of potatoes found in Iceland.
When I got a job as a reader for audiobooks at the Library for the blind I was charmed by the relationship between the reader sitting alone in the studio reading his book that will then be listened to by a total stranger in the the privacy of his own space.
Kjarval's fantastical paintings are diverse, but the same symbols or leitmotivs appear over and over again in different works.
I export about 400 horses a year, from foals to horses with notable lineage and with high scores from breeding shows and competitions, so all kinds of horses are being bought.  He adds that the quality standard has increased as well. Now, practically all horses are registered by microchip, for example.
Without vitamin A, the body's ability to produce the hormone TSH (which regulates thyroid function) is limited and the body cannot utilize thyroid hormone, even though there is enough of it in the blood.
Bipolar disorder is characterised by extreme fluctuations in well-being and mania is the high point of the fluctuations.
Made from teak with molded spindels in the back and coppercylinders at the bottom of the legs.
The exhibition Sanctuary consists of a selection of photographs from four interrelated series, which Einar Falur Ingólfsson (born 1966) has been working on during the last decade.
Basalt rock dissolution is also known to release trace elements, having been extensively studied in Icelandic geothermal systems.
These two scenes are unified with a graphical technique in which the line is paramount; the diagonal line from the bottom right corner of the painting passes through both groups and blends into the picture space.
In addition, he has performed and/or recorded with many of the most in-demand pop and jazz musicians in Iceland.
I believe that there is a mystical thread between the seen and the unseen that can never be torn apart, and that it is important to be open to the new and unexpected phenomena, whatever their form to understand who we are and where we come from.
Our guides will make sure you fish the right spots with the correct bait, and know whether to use streamers, tubes or dry-flies.
As a young man, Olafur was a socialist for a while, but then he read works by Friedrich A. von Hayek and Ludwig von Mises which convinced him that socialism was not practicable, at least not in the traditional sense of central economic planning.
Media coverage of the Nordic Region and Russia that is based on stereotypes can contribute to the creation of myths and misunderstandings among the public.
Active ingredients: Very rich in Silica, Magnesium, Iron, Calcium, Potassium and Sodium.
The feet are cleansed with nutritious Stone Crop gel and moisturizing Stone Crop mist.
First you need to apply mascara on the eyelashes.
The pepper must be consumed shortly after it has thawed, because it will soon become watery if it has been frozen.
Served on salad with Corn-Salsa and Guacamole
What is the difference between the case for capitalism made by Rand on the one hand and by economists Friedrich A. Hayek and Milton Friedman on the other hand?
We are extremely proud of our staff members that are a group of talented people that have a mutual goal which is to offer our guests the best possible service while they stay with us. More info! Who we are!
The harmful effects of SO2 are related to when the compound enters the lower respiratory tract, gets into the lungs and can then cause more serious symptoms such as asthma and pulmonary edema.
At the lively cocktail bar the award winning  pharmacists  mix together exciting artisan cocktails to suite every mood; painkillers, stimulants, tranquilizers and even placebos.
The last axis is the roll which refers to front and back movement.
Gallstones are formed in the gallbladder but can also form in the biliary tree and most are made of cholesterol which is absorbed from the diet.
The survey unearthed 72 candidate galaxies known as Lyman-alpha emitters that shine only in Lyman-alpha light [2].
Golf lessons are provided upon request with highly trained PGA professionals.
Setting holes where there is enough putting green surface between the hole and the front and sides of the putting green to accommodate the approach on that particular hole.
Many angling clubs are having special fly tying evening where fly tiers come together and tie some flies and get inspiration from each other.
A collection of poetry and prose combining surreal and fantastical motifs with modern realities. Obidos, Portugal
But this was the only house still standing at the beginning of the 1940s, as they were all little turf houses, usually with a wooden frame, a small hut and storage area by the door.
A different order of cohorts has been extracted and available here in the link handahof_bolusetning_hsn_2021.pdf.
It has long earned a special reputation for its sheep farming; inside, prize medallions and trophies cover entire walls.
Most of the action is deeply embedded in dust clouds and to see what is really happening astronomers need to use telescopes with detectors sensitive to the longer wavelength radiation that can penetrate the dust.
While we do have looms and studio space for dyeing and felting projects, we do not provide wool, yarn, dyes, etc.
International truck with trailer from Winross, marked Iceland seafood, rather crude model.
Efling presents an event at the Gender congress to discuss the condition of working women, the Icelandic women's movement and its role in improving the condition of working women in Icelandic capitalist society.
Meanwhile, we are all aware of how costly it is to employ a professional designer to create a one-of-a-kind logo, particularly for bloggers and small businesses.
Aberdeen Women Center was initially established as a Fistula Center only but soon opened a Maternity Wing as well.
Cut the sun-dried tomatoes (stronger flavor) or zucchini (more of a delicate flavor) in fine slices and marinade them with the soya sauce and paprika.
Put your starting point in the first line/frame along with date and time.
The performing arts group CGFC did an enormous amount of research for a documentary about the potato, but this year it is 280 years since the first potato was planted into Icelandic soil.
The result is a cubistic film of sorts; a relentless and fragmented whole touching on the epic range of human emotion and destiny.
21:00-22:00 Stúdentakjallarinn: What is Cricket?: The Authors speak about themselves, their writing projects, and the magic of playing cricket. Moderator: Stefán Pálsson
The strips of bamboo fibres give a warm filtered light and creates a cosy atmosphere.
Vitamin C contributes to normal collagen formation for the normal function of the skin.
He has worked with non-traditional painting methods; painted and sprayed various paints on found objects.
Benjamin Eiriksson was a staunch communist in his youth, attending as a student in Iceland Marxist reading groups led by Einar Olgeirsson.
We looked at the effect of the treatment on treatment complications, HbA1c, body mass index (BMI) and insulin requirements compared with multiple daily injections (MDI).
The contract amount is 393.7 million and is by far the largest project that Hafnir...
Atomic Cafe is a popular youth club where you can enjoy exotic snacks and dance.
When we were about to fall, we went to the café, and it was then that it could happen, while sat facing each other at the table fulfilling the most basic needs for food, drink, and rest.
On the top of the mountain is Fellskross, which was a sign of holy powers at the times of the vikings.
Heiða uses only a folk-guitar and her voice and plays slow, melting folk-music, whereas Berglind uses a computer and a mic and plays experimental party-electro.
David Erler, German countertenor.
I am looking very much forward to Christmas because my mistress will bake a whole lot of cookies and there will be chocolates in small bowls all over the house.
Departments (deildir) offering university-level studies take the initiative in academic policymaking and development of study programmes, and they have responsibility for course content and quality of studies.
As before, viewers are given the opportunity to ask questions through the stream by commenting on it.
In 2015 she was awarded the Image Now prize for her Sirkus Íslands series.
He has composed solo works, chamber works, symphonic pieces and choir music.
They had a few chances in the first set but unfortunately did not manage to take advantage of them.
Rune is not a match for the boys but Brown knows what to do, and armed with brown paint and brushes he takes his revenge.
The colour pink is thought to make people softer. The silhouette of an oversized prison uniform can be linked to Hip-Hop clothing.
Travellers are entitled to carry a certain quantity of goods (i.e. alcohol, tobacco, etc.) into the country without paying customs duties.
Map of the course Hamrar / Kjarnaskógur This is a fun course and the most challenging in the area, it has 18 baskets and is close to the campsite Hamrar, the first fairway is actually on the campsite and players must throw the disk across one of the ponds in order to play the full course.
The camp site has hot and cold running water, shower, toilet and electricity.
Painters, photographers, designers and architects have for long used portfolios to exhibit the range of work they master.
Each collection we create has a coherent style in a new setting, demonstrating the creative possibilities of revisiting the same idea infinite times.
They have performed together widely in Europe and America as well as in Iceland, and have played much of the ´cello-piano repertoir. Most recently all 5 sonatas for piano and ´cello by Beethoven in Iceland, the Faroe Islands and Denmark.
For someone who is baptized and has received the Eucharist, Confirmation marks the moment of full Christian initiation with all the rights and obligations involved.
Liskodisko is conceived in collaboration with our friends at Panimo Hiisi in Finland. This IPA is brewed with delicious peaches to make your summer as juicy as possible.
Blackbox is family, friends, fun, joy, enjoyment, drinks and dance and your favorite pizza is our passion.
Cooking: You can often reduce your plastic use by cooking items from scratch like pizza dough, yogurt, mayonnaise and much more.
At last there is no added sugar in the popcorn which often is much of in other snack products like cookies, cakes and chocolate.
The entire house has been painted outdoors, murals repainted, the door repaired, drainage was placed plus various bits and pieces.
After reading many applications, having numerous interviews and discussing the start-ups with the board of Aurora, we're very excited to announce the new start-ups that have joined us as of this week in our pre-accelerator programme!
The topic will be approached from a feminist perspective, applying concepts from gender studies as analytical tools.
You can challenge yourself with some traditional Scottish fare (hello haggis!) and investigate some lyrically named mystery dishes (such as cock-a-leekie soup, clootie dumpling and cranachan), but you may also be surprised by Glasgow's high-quality culinary offerings.
I'm excited to participate in the development of this dynamic area with Kadeco and urban planning firm Alta.
If it's getting a bit too chilly outside, you'll find plenty of restaurants and pubs to cozy up in across the UK.
Tongues Enrobed (1995) for ensemble and live electronics
My favourite 12 year old is Macallan and some of their older versions are the pride of my cupboard.
One of the most important research areas of RNH is  green capitalism , the exploration of possibilities of solving environmental problems by defining property rights … Continue reading →
She bids him good evening and somewhat hesitatingly enters the room. She puts the tray on the table, checks the order and asks the guest to sign for the bill.
A contemporary art piece has specifically been selected for the suite, giving it a personal touch.
PA 9 Tammar wallaby (Macropus eugenii) a) Adult from Kawau Island, New Zealand. In formalin.
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria and microbes are currently responsible for the deaths of millions and cost billions.
Many of those working in the industry commute and enjoy their homes, family and leisure elsewhere.
Alcoholics at risk of WE should immediately on admission receive prophylactic therapy with parenteral thiamine Introduction
Attend the cabaret  Moulin Rouge .
Swedish Maze has made minimalistic and functional interior design for homes all over the globe since 2003.
In the sacrament of marriage God gives the spouses his protection, blessing and support for them to live the common life.
The book forms a part of a joint project by RNH and AECR, the Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists, on  Europe of the Victims .
Colours, brushes and paint are used in spontaneous art making in relation to what is being researched, for example in the process of conceptualization and working with a particular subject matter.
The group of soloists is remarkable: Scottish-Icelandic soprano Hannah Morrison, one of the world's leading baroque singers, Kristinn Sigmundsson, Iceland's internationally most acclaimed singer, who will interpret the role of Jesus, Danish tenor Valdemar Villadsen, a rising star in the opera world, who sings the part of the Evangelist, and several of Iceland's best young singers, Elmar Gilbertsson, Oddur Arnþór Jónsson and Hildigunnur Einarsdóttir.
If you have lived abroad continuously for at least one year, you may bring most of your removal goods free of customs duties and taxes when you move to Norway.
The only right which people outside the fisheries would be deprived of, would be the right to harvest fish at zero profit, as the economics of fisheries (H. S. Gordon, Antony Scott and others) demonstrated: With open access, effort increased to the level of zero profit where total cost would be equal to total revenue.
In Stuttgart Margrét received a scholarship from the Richard Wagner Verband to enjoy three operas at the Bayreuth music festival, followed by a soloconcert for her ein Stuttgart, organized by the Richard Wagner Verband.
After competing in the 1908 Olympics and traveling in America with Barnum & Baileys circus, he returned to Iceland in 1927 with one goal: a dream to build a luxury hotel.
The Bank held smaller bond issues in NOK and SEK under the Bank's EMTN programme in transactions amounting to approximately ISK 19 billion.
Cold sea water surrounds the places resulting in temperatures far below the growth temperature of V. cholerae.
After a traumatic experience like that I won't be able to smile fifteen times in a row to Gramps at Goosefoot-Lane, in the hope that he opens is old wallet so I can get my fix of CDs.
We invite you to an eight day music festival with focus on jazz, blues, funk and improvised music, performed by musicians from America, Europe and Iceland.
He showed music great interest from a very early age playing piano from the age of six, and later flute, saxophone and other instruments.
In it an imagined traditional Icelandic turf farm is depicted, the cut out shape´s three windows have red nylon curtains glued on the back of the paper.
However, a good foundation of certain known vitamins and minerals is essential for each human body to function properly.
A performance included in Bang on a Can's Marathon Festival with Berglind María Tómadóttir, flutist, on the 9th of February 2008 at 1.15 pm in Yerba Buena Center for the Arts' Forum, San Francisco, CA Bang on a Can ybca.org
Isaiah, chapter 24, also portrays the great final cataclysm upon the nations, but shows that there will be one place that will shine forth as a beacon light in that dark night of world­ wide trouble, and that the people there will be found wor- Ephraim and Manasseh (these being the names of Joseph's two sons) and on the division of the land of Canaan these each received their own portion of territory in like manner to the other tribes.
MATERIALS: DROPS SNOW from Garnstudio (belongs to yarn group E) 100-100-100-100 g colour 50, dark rose 50-100-100-100 g colour 09, old pink 50-50-50-50 g colour 01, off white 50-50-50-50 g colour 85, curry KNITTING TENSION: Before felting: 11 stitches in width and 15 rows in height with stocking stitch = 10 x 10 cm.
The black bag is for all non-recyclable waste, such as chewing gum and mixed materials.
The factory was an oasis in the worker's desert, and the cement produced there was poured into developing the country.
The purpose of Vinafélag Riftúns was to support the Catholic Church in caring for, maintaining and improving the facilities in Riftún.
This flag is not only decorative but also quite practical, as you can use it again and again,  Clara says with a smile.
Fuel Up Front: You can pay for a full tank of fuel when you collect your car to save you refuelling at the end of your trip.
Salmonella outbreak in an Icelandic cargo ship.
Finely chop chilli and coriander and place in a bowl, add the olive oil and mix well. Add scallops to the bowl and make sure they are covered with the marinade.
The vehicle than has to drive round this gully the next time it passes and in some areas where oil and gas are extracted, the tracks of heavy vehicles have made 'roads' half a mile wide.
Consumption of bread, bisquits, cakes and cookies, margarine, highly processed meat products, chips, sugared soft drinks and whole milk was lower in 2010/11 than in 2002 while consumption of whole grain bread, oat meal, fruits, vegetables, meat and cod liver oil was higher.
Other works include Movie Days (1994), Cold Fever (1995), Devil's Island (1997) and Angels of the Universe (2000), which was seen by half of Iceland's population.
IWRA, in cooperation with CESI in Croatia, will host workshops on the advocacy strategies and experiences of the Icelandic feminist movement in fighting for gender equality in the labor market, the week of June 7th to June 11th.
A good example is the profile  Fávitar  founded by Sólborg Guðbrandsdóttir. It s
Taking on this task meant a lot of research and development, developing the training materials, recording them, making them, sorting out all the technical stuff etc. etc.
A family unit must be large enough that it is possible to have at least 1 metre between beds.
In each case, the Supplier shall confirm the Purchase Order in writing within 2 working days of receipt thereof and send a certified copy of the Purchase Order to Norðurál by fax at 430-1001 or by e-mail at purchasing@nordural.is, or at the address of the Purchaser who sends the order.
Of course, this varies between individuals, some people are more sensitive to caffeine than others, and it is important to take body weight, health, and caffeine tolerance into account.
Boil the paste according to packing instructions.
Don't use effects such as shadows, embossing or other such effects
By receiving forgiveness in the sacrament that lies at the heart of our process of conversion, we in turn can spread forgiveness to others.
Valuable leisure equipment such as golf carts, kayaks, drones, etc. is covered under the F Plus 4 Contents Insurance.
YOGA We offer lovely yoga sessions in our yoga studio in Þorlákshöfn.
It has been a privilege to get to know the projects nominated for this year's Nordic Council Music Prize, which range from pop albums to film scores to symphonies and concertos and have been created by musicians from three generations.
They are sooo desperate because in between New Year´s Eve´s they don´t stand a chance, that´s quite obvious.
We do not sell mass-produced posters.
Terrorists in the five countries that have the highest rate of terrorism worldwide do granted commit their atrocities in the name of Islam, but 82% of all acts of terrorism are committed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nigeria and Syria (report).
He created with percussionist Henri-Charles Caget and the guitarist Fred Maurin the RCM Trio, devoted to recreation of Frank Zappa's music and other progressive Rock groups.
Figueres is a place of pilgrimage for the adherents of surrealism as there is the Dali Theater Museum - the second most visited museum in Spain.
In the background we see (from left): the Director of the Observatory, Andreas Kaufer; the President of the ESO Council, Xavier Barcons; the Director General of ESO, Tim de Zeeuw; ESO's Representative in Chile, Massimo Tarenghi; and ESO astronomer Fernando Selman, from Chile.
Exchange of Notes concerning the Abolition of Visa Requirements with regard to diplomatic and special Passports and the Abolishment of Charges for Visas, between Iceland and Pakistan [en]
This is the view of former British cabinet minister baroness Sayeeda Warsi, but she gained international attention last year when she resigned from office in protest to government policy on the Gaza conflict.
The Bac Ha Sunday market is in fact a sizzling meeting point for people from the nearby villages, whether they arrive on foot, scooters, buffalo-carts or horses to trade and come together.
The artist and producent Auður Viðarsdóttir (under the stage name rauður) introduces basics of electronic music on example of Soundtrap, a very popular and easy to navigate software. Soundtrap has everything you need to make good songs!
Hrefna involves and collaborates with different artists in her process and creates a dynamic conversation in the world within which she is working.
Ida Horowitz was a young and a very beautiful girl who Milton had dated in New York before Uncle Sam mercilessly separated them and sent him to stormy and isolated Iceland.
As part of that commitment, we are the first car manufacturer to use blockchain technology throughout our entire cobalt supply chain, allowing us to monitor and trace the cobalt used in our batteries.
Equal access to food, housing, healthcare and safety are all things that concern women and that's why they should concern feminist and be a priority in feminist struggles.
From food, magnesium is obtained from dark leafy vegetables such as spinach and also from almonds, figs and nuts.
Halldór B. Halldórsson of Ísafjördur owned Höfdi at that time, and donated both the land and the cement for building the house; the farmers in Grunnavíkurhreppur parish each gave the worth of a lamb to cover other costs.
When the wearer is in exercise, whether he or she is walking, running, jogging, swimming or doing any other sports, the smart bracelet can monitor the exercise times, calories and other data in real time.
We collaborate with a large number of artists and the main galleries in Iceland.
After a string of releases with pop reggae outfit Ojba Rasta, Teitur stepped into the limelight in 2014 with his solo album 27.
Away from the gloss, things are more down-to-earth at the Plaine de Plainpalais, which holds a big outdoor flea market twice weekly and a farmers market three times a week.
The union of protestant churches supports those writings and catholic women have founded their own groups.
However, the shopper should also note that a  natural vitamin  bottle may contain vitamins that have not been extracted from a natural food source.
Slowly the river digs its way through the waterfall´s edge and each year Dettifoss moves half a meter to the south.
It is important that we have the correct amount of chromosome material, as the genes (that instruct the cells in our body) are found on the chromosomes.
According to official guidelines, masks must be used where the distance of one meter can not be kept and where groups mix.
In addition, a fluorescent dye called Nile Red was used to stain plastic particles, in order to tell them apart from organic particles such as cotton or wool.
He started playing the harpsichord when he was 11 years old, at first alongside the piano, but exclusively for the past four years.
Icelandic Stalinists suffered their biggest blow in the winter of 1956 when news spread to the West about a secret speech that Nikita Khruschev, General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party, had given in the Kremlin in the night of …
The village is one of the oldest trading posts of the country and the population is about 170.
The outsole consists of a dual density construction where the inner core of the outsole is using a cushioning and shock absorbing PU material for extra comfort and the outside surface material is made of durable rubber for better oil, acid and abrasion resistance.
It is reasonable to recommend patients with active chronic alcoholism to take vitamin supplements containing at least 15 mg of thiamine daily.
Scandinavia and Denmark are among the areas on earth with selenium-depleted soils. In Iceland on the other hand, the soil is more selenium rich than elsewhere in the Nordic countries.
She made her US debut as Fiordiligi Cosi fan tutte for Dallas Opera, being nominated for the Maria Callas Award, and her international engagements have further included appearances at Opera Australia, Opera Flanders, the Finnish National Opera, Opéra de Bordeaux, the Opéra de Montpellier, the Opéra de Rennes, the Opéra national du Rhin, the Norwegian Opera, Florida Grand Opera, Minnesota Opera and Santa Fe Opera.
Fish is bled/gutted in traditional tanks stored in a cold storage on board.
LIVLINETM is designed to provide immediate medical assistance in the first few minutes after an emergency, before the arrival of the emergency services.
Founding members of Sequences are artist run Kling & Bang galleri (est. 2003), the Living Art Museum (est. 1978) and the Icelandic Art Center, that together with artists active in the local art scene at each time, run the festival.
More research activity will lead to an increase in the number of research semesters of academic staff.
the one and only with grilled beef, panfried vegetable (onion, mushrooms and bell pepper) and Béarnaise sauce
She describes this system as an analytical methodology, using abstraction, deconstruction, geometrical structures and shadow zones to explore deconstructed space, interspace, and emptiness.
In this report from the surveillance programme, the maximum levels for dioxins, dioxin-like PCBs and non-dioxin-like PCBs in foodstuffs (Regulation No 1259/2011) were used to evaluate how Icelandic seafood products measure up to limits currently in effect.
During the whole process no chemical additives are used by the Hraun farm. It takes the down from 60 to 70 nests to produce a kilo.
The energetic radiation from these new stars strips electrons from the atoms within the surrounding hydrogen gas, ionising it and producing a characteristic red glow.
Since 1981 he is a member of the Swedish Academy, and since 1988 a member also of its Nobel Committee (chairman 1988-2004).
The concept has proved very popular, and BLACKFOREST is now a permanent platform on which the next steps can be taken to connect Nordic jazz with that in Buenos Aires and Latin America.
Because if someone hates it, it is more likely than not that someone completely loves it!
The work samples and remixes existing iconography, borrowing from romantic painting and b-movies with insects.
Fasten a button to one end of the bib (the button is buttoned between the 1 stitch in garter stitch and 1 knitted stitch at the other end).
Eight Icelandic organists will allow the magnificent Klais-organ of Hallgrímskirkja to sound at lunchtime concerts from the 3rd till the 14th of August.
There are over seven billion people on our little earth, each one throwing away something every second.
The most common cause of death in Iceland are noncommunicable diseases that could be prevented by improved lifestyle, i.e. healthier food consumption and increased activities.
I invite you to one of the best bakeries in the heart of Reykjavik,
Gvendur´s most known phrase is the one he uses when people tell him about new things in their lives, he says:  Yeah right, thats just like everybody else is doing.
Standpoint feminism is the branch of feminist studies that concerns itself with the position of marginalised groups in society.
Scholars estimate that Communism cost about 100 million lives, and Nazism about 20 million …
The restaurant was built in 2014 and is an architectural beauty where the building blends into the terrain and rocks from the beach were used as building material in the walls.
The Ashura festival is in commemoration of Noah's pudding, which tradition holds that mixed together ingredients that normally would not be mixed and the result was a unique combination.
This image shows the entire distance traveled from the landing site (dark smudge at left) to its location as of 2 January 2013 (the rover is bright feature at right).
I wanted to scream but I couldn't do anything other than laugh – just like at the other  jokes .
In plasma cutting, plasma is used to melt the base material and transfer the molten base material away from the cut.
No container may hold more than 100 milliliters (3 ounces) of liquid.
As the correction of the wages of approximately 1800 city employees would come into effect, it would be comparable to just under four Barracks annually.
What I do is to compose a sort of symphony in commemoration of them.
The following are the codes in use: • WCHR: for passengers who cannot walk long distances.
The material, its treatment and the edgy structure refer to the material characteristics of paintings, where canvas is stringed on a square frame.
Although this deed was signed on 8 June 1500, it is believed that the cloister was founded sooner, probably in 1493 when Stefán Jónsson, bishop at Skálholt, came on his first visit to the valley.
Then pull the variable block (it has rounded sides) into where the number of sides are given.
Since then many articles and books on affect theory have been written within various fields of the humanities and the social sciences, including philosophy, psychology, human geography, pedagogy, aesthetics, feminist studies, and communication studies, in addition to fields such as cognitive-, computer- and neurosciences, to name but a few.
The planning modes let pilots select the drone's flight path while adjusting overlap rate, altitude, speed, camera parameters and more, offering an automated mapping or inspection workflow.
In general, most of the microplastics were in Asian salt and most of all in the popular, Indonesian salt.
On the one hand, it is about illegal wage deductions; all those variegated minuses which were put on the payslip.
For many years Kristinsson has given homes charm with his high-quality interior and furniture made of unadulterated wood straight from nature.
It has become possible to experience the architecture, which has been modified to the new needs of the residents.
Skaftfell Bistro offers fulfilling food, pizzas, aromatic coffee, delicious cakes and sweets, ale, wine and other beverages.
The Nordic Council of Ministers' will consider all of the perspectives brought up by the panels, keynote speakers and audience as it prepares for the climate negotiations at COP26 in Glasgow.
The idea was to combine laundry and socializing in nice, comfortable surroundings where you could eat, drink, read, do your laundry and browse the Internet.
If you are looking for a private flight we will have it custom made to your needs.
Cages must be large enough to accommodate your rabbit, the bigger the better!
Changes in the group of teachers were slower because at the end of the decade, women were still less than 5% of the professors.
I happened to go to the canteen to ask, and then found out that at the other end of the canteen I had to speak to someone to get allocated a bunk.
This is very common in rabbits and problems arise when your rabbit's teeth do not line up, and so they overgrow and develop sharp points on them which cause pain and discomfort in the mouth of the rabbit.
The PolarPro DJI Mavic Hood is compatible with all PolarPro filters, and can be left on during storage/ transit.
[4] It is still unclear exactly how lithium is destroyed within the stars, although several processes have been proposed to transport lithium from the surface of a star into its deeper layers, where it is then destroyed.
In the colorful cabaret performances, you can see the real Paris - sensual, artistic, free and even a bit lecherous.
Butter 2 Thyme sprigs Boil Potatoes with thyme until soft.
In fact, the same could be said about Johann Sebastian Bach's famous piano concerto in F-minor, performed here by pianist Víkingur Ólafsson accompanied by a string quintet of festival artists. Its arrestingly graceful slow movement is one of the most beautiful slow movements in Bach's entire oeuvre.
But if the player makes a stroke at that ball while it is falling or after it has fallen off, there is no penalty, the stroke counts and the ball is in play.
I also work with ceramics, a material I feel a deep connection to, because they are made from earth, they are in their composition both organic and mineral at the same time.
The ballerina and the devil from the adventure are brought to life with the assistance of the instruments where the clarinet represents the toy soldier.
Certain types of lasers also require small additions of other gases e.g. oxygen, hydrogen, xenon and carbon monoxide.
They have attracted a great deal of attention for their work that doesn't necessarily take place nor have connections within the walls of galleries or art institutions but more so with reality in its entirety.
It also gives information about Sweden's new feminist foreign policy...
chop the onion and garlic and simmer in the oil, with the spices, at low heat for about 20 minutes chop mushrooms and fry them.
These are important insights that Nordic journalists can benefit from when producing journalism from Russia or working with their Russian colleagues.
Grants are given for rehabilitation and treatment from a licensed physiotherapist, a licenced therapeutic massager, a massage therapist with a diploma from Fjölbrautaskólinn í Ármúla, an occupational therapist, a speech therapist, a nutritionist, an osteopath or a chiropractor. Psychological therapy
And with our highly unique suite combination we can offer one bedroom suites, a two-bedroom suite or a five bedroom apartment suite.
- Argon 4.6 is recommended for welding of extra-sensitive material, where there is a very strict demand for gas purity, such as e.g. titanium and magnesium
There was a chapel on board and some items from it are today in the local churches at Langholt in Meðalland and Þykkvabæjarklaustur in Álftaver.
When the media looked further into the matter it came to light that the conference would in fact be held on the lot of a gardening company with the same name, located in the city's industrial area next to an erotic bookshop.
Rest assured, your taste buds are in for a treat, whether your style is browsing photogenic markets for first-rate picnic supplies, window-shopping the rainbow-colored creations at upmarket patisseries, noshing at classic neighborhood bistros or dressing up to visit glorified temples to gastronomie.
What I finally want to say is: If you suspect you are autistic, do not hesitate in checking it out.
The use of calming pheromones, such as Adaptil sprays and diffusers can be very useful to help reduce anxiety as your puppy gets used to its new surroundings.
I liked telling stories of our adventures and the fact that she didn't follow stereotypical gender roles.
He will not burden the plants with unnecessary care, and fuss, but will give them what they need.
Rate per 100,000 population Deaths attributable to unsafe water, sanitation and hygiene focusing on inadequate WASH services, expressed per 1,000,000 population; The included diseases are the WASH attributable fractions of diarrhoea (ICD-10 code A00, A01, A03, A04, A06-A09), intestinal nematode infections (ICD-10 code B76-B77, B79) and protein-energy malnutrition (ICD-10 code E40-E46).
The Board may grant signing authority for the University to persons other than the Rector or decide to entrust a third party with the administration of its assets or the carrying out of individual projects or tasks.
Fun courses and karaoke at dinner
GGEM distributed the masks, sanitiser and soap accordingly to their clients.
[5] It is not thought that the sodium itself is the cause of the different behaviour, but must be strongly linked to the underlying cause — which remains mysterious.
I almost had an orgy with my friend and my older female cousin but chickened out at the last minute and poured milk over them to stop them, like you do to the dogs in the countryside.
Therefore it was not far from his mind to let the guitar join other instruments.
The machines are produced by first using laser technique and then welding the parts together.
It is a synthetic material, made from polyester or polypropylene, and is more like a fabric than plastic.
Climate and atmospheric models of Triton have to be revisited now, now that we have found carbon monoxide and re-measured the methane,  says co-author Catherine de Bergh.
The second biggest problem for dogs and their teeth is that hard chews can break the teeth, leading to infection inside the tooth (called endodontic disease). Dogs can break their teeth surprisingly easily, just from crunching down on hard rocks, cow hooves, and other tough substances.
The Conference consists of the Rectors of universities that have received accreditation from the Ministry of Education, Science and Culture.
When I had all the furniture and some pictures on the wall it became a real home.
Just like the inside of the banana, the peels are full of nutrients, so it's high time we learned how to use them.
Sofia, however, played brilliant tennis in the game and deserves praise.
A marked walking path takes you down to Múlahöfn harbour and to Þerribjarg cliffs, east of Hellisheiði Eystri, where the rhyolite is at its most beautiful.
However, where part of the challenge of the hole is to carry over a penalty area such as a stream that crosses the front of the putting green and there is a good chance that a ball that carries over the stream could fall back into it, the Committee may decide to mark the penalty area as yellow.
The common Nordic strategic view on Russia is clearly expressed in the Baltic.
Thematically the series deals with tensions of the immaterial, the porosity of fact and fiction, and the process which collects itself into a piece of work, a painting.
Article 11 In accordance with an agreement between the University of Iceland and Bifröst University, the University of Iceland will perform an annual evaluation of the academic competences of Bifröst University's academic employees.
It is entered from Vía de Colón on a footpath alongside the old exchange building, Lonja. Capilla Real
Several cases are known where radon changed shortly before earthquakes.
MATERIALS: DROPS COTTON LIGHT from Garnstudio (belongs to yarn group B) 50 g colour 28, yellow 50 g colour 25, light lilac 50 g colour 23, light purple 50 g colour 24, grape 50 g colour 21, light beige 50 g colour 27, mint KNITTING TENSION: 23 stitches in width and 32 rows in height with stocking stitch = 10 x 10 cm. 19 stitches in width and 32 rows in height with waffle pattern = 10 x 10 cm.
A ballad of portraits, landscapes, and abstracts taken from her life during the last seventeen years, the work gives a sense of movement distinct from Sioux's previous work.
Yes, it is possible to register vehicles with foreign licence plates just as easily as those with Icelandic plates.
It suggests that this could reduce the intake of saturated fat by a total of 27% and salt by 1 gram.
Today's reading is a narrative from Exodus that describes the Israelite peoples hunger as they wandered lost in the desert and how God feeds them with manna from the heavens on the condition that they take only what they need.
When searching for the term  beverage , you will find a recipe for coffee where the coffee's bitter taste has been removed and a recipe for decaffeinated tea, flavoured with a patented chemical formula.
The appreciation of the ISK is doubtless a major factor in the overseas travel spike, as the currency has strengthened virtually without interruption in the recent term, boosting Icelanders' purchasing power abroad.
Selection of the research topic is primarily the responsibility of the candidate in collaboration with the supervisors and doctoral committee.
He waited impatiently for the farmer to finish removing the plastic covering from the haybale and be on his way.
Spilavinir: A Wonderland of Games, Coffee, and Good Times
Keep it simple with one of our standard rooms or go big with a luxurious deluxe or even our sweet suite.
It is possible to be critical and earnest without being mean (which is a lousy trope that should be binned anyway).
Arrange scallops, apples and dates of knitting and spread the sauce over.
Max Richter, At the Waterfall, 2019, graphite on paper, 50x65cm, Iceland
Garðar worked as a carpenter, but at the age of seventy-eight the painting brush, rather than the hammer, became his main tool.
We avoid wearing the same outfit twice on social media, parties or even in public.
For example, if a player's ball comes to rest right next to a cactus, it would breach Rule 8.1a (Actions That Improve Conditions Affecting the Stroke) if he or she placed a towel on the cactus to improve his or her area of intended stance.
It is surrounded by colored stained-glass mosaics and marble statues.
Students also learn how to calculate their ecological and carbon footprint, work on ways of improvement and present ideas on changes to their own consumer habits to address the environmental and climate problems of the future.
However, these unfavourable circumstances do not change the fact that feminist movements within the Middle East have been active for around a hundred years in a significantly more challenging societal, legal and political environment than what is usually the case for Europe and the US.
It's a certain energy that draws you in. Maybe I even get a kick from working with such energetic people who are still figuring out who they are.
Twice-daily Yoga Nidra to restore, rejuvenate and walk the path that the ancient teachings have laid out for you
A few of our huts do not have wardens throughout the season. These huts will be cleaned when opened and provided with sufficient amount of disinfetants and hand sanitizers.
This change is consistent with the evolution of Ásmundur's art during the 1930s, when the artist moved away from a realistic and naturalistic approach towards a far more symbolic form, in which the focus is on bringing out and defining the nature of man.
All these trillions in debt will either be dropped in the bankruptcy, or the respective Governments' Treasury can print useless fiat currency to pay the debt off.
My friend Eyrun with her business RoRo who is now doing a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo to fund production of her Lulla doll.
It contains a full range of 25 amino acids and 11 micronutrients that have the perfect profile for human protein synthesis.
Microbial growth can also be inhibited with the help of other gases like nitrous oxide (N2O), argon (Ar) and hydrogen (H2).
Within 4 days, a red precipitate formed when olivine was reacted at increased temperatures and CO2 partial pressures.
Innovation continues to be an important theme, two compositions will be premiered at the Festival of Sacred Arts, an Oratory and a Cantata, and the chimes of Hallgrímskirkja's bells will be revitalized.
It is a myth that it is harmful to discuss suicidal thoughts. An open and honest discussion regarding suicidal thoughts can save lives.
Previously a childhood disease, epiglottitis has disappeared in children and is now almost exclusively found in adults.
Since 2010, Augestad has been working with the Swiss director Christoph Marthaler on projects ranging from an opera by Beat Furrer to the playful combinations of classical, jazz, pop and cabaret in Marthaler's own works.
The Stokkseyri public swimming pool is cherished by regulars and visitors alike, a destination in the Árborg region that no one would regret visiting.
Those who visit Fjallsárlón early in the day in calm weather should be able to hear the creaking of the glacier as it moves a few millimetres each day.
Her films and video works navigate between ethnography and abstract formalism, exploring preternatural states where oral-mythology and landscape collide.
We are talking, or rather singing and shouting from the rooftops, abouta variety of flavors: coconut,pineapple and orange.
For example, if you sign up for a 12 month agreement to start on 15 March, we will bill you pro rata from 15 March to the end of that month, then your 12 month agreement will run from 1 April until 31 March the following year.
Please click on the link below to register into our club.
SHORTS: MEASUREMENTS: Fit doll size of approx. 40-50 cm, waist approx. 33 cm.
Emma Holten, Feminist activist and gender policy advisor at Oxfam IBIS, Denmark
He has also studied abroad with Johannes Geffert in Bonn and in Paris with Naji Hakim.
At sound check the day after, we couldn't find the guitars. What idiot has been moving them around?
Fatty fish is full of vitamin D and omega 3 fatty acids.
There isn't really a logical common drawer for those things so we don't know which drawer to put it in, and we forget about it.
Strengthens Nails and Skin Connective Tissue Selenium and Zink contribute to the normal maintenance of normal skin, hair, and nails.
Carbon Recycling International (CRI) captures carbon dioxide from industrial emissions and converts carbon dioxide into Renewable Methanol (RM).
Smoked fillets, appr. 220-280 g, The fillets are lighly smoked with Beech wood and slightly salted with Icelandic sea salt.
Founded by seven pharmacy owners as Pharmaco for marketing and distribution of pharmaceuticals.
The exhibition reflects the diversity of artworks by members and their approach to printmaking as a medium and is a celebration of The Icelandic Printmakers' Association on its half-century anniversary.
Solitude, moaning, desperation, and melancholy transpire from the first movement of Moonlight Sonata.
Our broad menu selection includes meat and fish dishes from superb raw material, vegetarian and pasta dishes, Indian dishes, a variety of soups and small dishes and a salad bar. We also offer some traditional fast food like pizzas and hamburgers.
The people who are behind these versions are of Satan.
The resort has wonderful facilities for diving, snorkeling and fishing.
In my final project Main D'æuvre*, instead of drawing and then creating the final item, I'm mixing those two phases together.
Contributes to normal protein synthesis and muscle function
We can still drive on parts of this road, past the major Christian catacombs, the tomb of Romulus, the arena of Maxentius and the tomb of Cecilia Metella, in addition to lots of smaller tombstones.
Strongly damaged forest-tundra vegetation in the Noril'skaya River valley.
Inheritance tax is 10%, although no tax is paid on the first one and a half million of the tax base of the estate of a deceased person.
Add cocoa, coconut, vanilla, peanut butter and spices and continue to puree.
At the completion of this extensive project it can be said that the Klaisorgan in Hallgrímskirkja is as new, every pipe has been polished and retuned and the organs electronic operating system has been updated, with many fascinating new possibilities.
The results also show that the close contact between Icelandic and English that has developed in the past few years has had the effects that Icelandic children are becoming more fluent in English, and a great amount of English in their linguistic environment and general interest in English leads to a greater English vocabulary and better adherence to English linguistic norms.
In the mid-20th century the slifsi and apron were sometimes made of multicoloured synthetic fabric.
The exhibition consist of prints, paintings and sculptures where old classics are seen in a new light and new works in an old one, big questions are asked and answered correctly according to the question, new information being brought from the dark into daylight and the old show us new sides on same subject, in correlation to current social responsibility, the possibility of an alien race among and many more… the great fantasy you want to belief and is the truth.
In Costa Daurada, it is difficult to find a nightclub or disco with the same genre.
On the basis of such practice, symbols and chakras have in fact become like windows that can open up another dimension, switches to turn on a light or ikons on the computer screen that we can click on with the mouse.
The aim of the study was to evaluate data from validation of a quantification method and analysis of clinical samples for GA, cortisol/cortisone in human plasma and cortisol/cortisone in human urine.
Maximum phase-angle (MPA) higher than 20 mrad can be attributed to pyrite if the rock is conductive and to iron-oxides if the rock is resistive.
The conflict takes the shape of a double edged sword. We adorn ourselves with unshakeable principles and have no qualms about voicing our opinions when it suits us, yet in between those heartfelt proclamations we faithfully serve the enemy by jumping into the rat-race.
Interior Design Welcome to my little spot of the world where I share my love for design, crafting, and all things pretty.
First part of the program starts on January 11th with online video training and sessions and on location training starts after February 22nd.
Only one landfill in Iceland collects this methane instead of releasing it straight into the atmostphere.
Helium is rarely used, since plasma formation is not critical to Nd:YAG laser welding with normal laser outputs.
Djupedal's music is acoustic, traditional mixed with more contemporary harmonies, often with an element of performance.
If you are not quite sure which variation of a word is  more correct  to use and have googled your wits out but cannot, for the life of you, come to a conclusion, then timarit.is is a good website to have available.
Player B takes four putts to complete the hole.
Consequently, the event has responded by shifting from the original focus firmly on the catching sector to today encompass processing, seafood, aquaculture and the burgeoning recognition of the importance of producing value from every kilo of fish landed, something in which Iceland has emerged as a clear leader.
Waste Water Treatment Tank is specially designed for waste water purification.
The carbonate samples were identified as aragonite needles and calcite rosettes with traces of serpentine and dypingite.
Young electronic musicians explore the magnificent Klais organ, using it's new technological equipment and it's 5273 pipes to create a musical experience.
Every day we offer the dish of the day, fish and meat, salad buffet and two kinds of soup as well as a varied grill menu and vines.
When you consume caffeine regularly, your body develops a tolerance to it, making you less responsive to its effects.
It also greatly increases our involvement and cooperation with Chilean society and will open up further possibilities for great discoveries and technological progress,  said Tim de Zeeuw, Director General of ESO.
Eight different hops including Citra, Mosaic, El Dorado and Bavarian Mandarin give a strong flavour of exotic fruit, and the bewitching aftertaste is achieved with a complex fusion of bitterness and a fruity finish.
I did a lot of ballet in Canada too, so I think it influenced me to be very melodic with my music.
Russian-speaking and a specialist on the history of the Soviet Union, Jensen has written several books, including Stalinismens fascination og danske venstreintellektuelle (The Fascination of Stalinism and Danish Left-wing Intellectuals) in 1984, Gulag og glemsel (Gulag and Forgetfulness) in 2003 and Stalin.
Departments proposals on the composition of review committees for academic hiring and promotions are sent to the council for comments. RU research council:
For further information and booking, please visit the Reykjavik Excursions website.
Gísli's design bears influence from the modernism, a movement he became acquainted with in Germany during his studies.
To their surprise the artists discovered that in the south of Iceland is the largest banana plantation in Europe.
Blossi attended both judo competition as well as a swimming competition. The atmosphere is really good at the headquarters of the NOC today. Volunteers at GSSE 2015, have come together to review the medals and assist with clothes fitting.
The morning after the first day of hunting, large troughs with freshly cooked fulmar were served, with the end of the hunt celebrated with a feast consisting of smoked fulmar nestlings, raisin porridge with syrup and even sheep steaks.
Maybe they can help you to find your new favorite book? TABITA
The oldest recorded sighting dates back to 1345 and can be found in Jón Árnasons collection of folk tales.
But I do know a thing a two about lager and pilsner beers and in my opinion could judge them fairly.
A high-performance formula designed to target signs of skin aging and optimize skin health over time.
They have been fine tuning older products and having prototypes of new products made.
I try to have faith in myself, be impulsive and not too well prepared, I know it's kind of a cliché, but it's important that I trust my instincts.
It is the centre of the so called Tjaldanes volcano, which is an extinct central volcano with rhyolite screes and conic intrusions of gabbro that reach the centre of the volcano.
Finally, we may mention the bakery on Fálkagata, sorely missed by engineering students and now standing empty.
The science community in the UK has demanded a stop to the production of glitter, which is made from plastic, pointing out that glitter particles have the same harmful impact on the environment that microplastics do.
Minerals identified within Aram include sulfates and ferric oxides, which are similar to those seen at the Opportunity rover landing site in Meridiani Planum.
Cut down the leeks, carrots, swede and chilli and add with the bacon and thyme.
In the pool area are two hot tubs, chess table, cold tub and a powerful steam bath.
It is generally stronger to advertise in niche media, reaching fewer people but the right people rather than taking out a whole page in the main newspaper or advertise on prime time TV.
Put aside for 15 min for them to absorb the soya and paprika.
Attempts to reduce them to the period of Stalin's rule, called  Stalinism , are an unacceptable simplification of the deeply-rooted totalitarian basis of the Communist ideology.
All those jeeps are used 98% of the time within city limits.
I also want to see a lot more of practical courses for foreign union members, for instance informing them about the tax system of Iceland, which is confusing to many people, as well as the pension system, because I know that foreigners do not have this information when they come to the country.  She says that when she arrived here twelve years ago, simple matters such as the insurance arrangements for the cars were confusing to her.
We lived from day to day but sometimes we just couldn't make it work and we didn't eat for a long time.
The Nordic model, with its wage structures and low share of unskilled jobs, makes integration into the labour market challenging for newly arrived immigrants.
Kaplan-Meyer graph showing time from cholecystectomy to diagnosis of common bile duct stones.
Astronomers have now traced the journey of phosphorus from star-forming regions to comets using the combined powers of ALMA and the European Space Agency's probe Rosetta.
Among the first women to link the themes of feminism and socialism, she takes part in the workers' battles and fights for women's rights and the abolition of child labor.
Þórunn Dögg has a B. Ed. degree from the University of Education in 1992, and received a Diploma in Practical mass communication from the University of Iceland in 1995.
It is desirable that all Catholics receive the sacraments before death.
The plant is said to have mild diuretic effects and release the body of sand and stones from the gallbladder and kidneys, have good effects on gout, blood pressure, the cardiovascular system and cholesterol formation.
Big and warm coat with a patch like pattern, entwined in spicy colors and coziness. Fleygur quantity
The campsite reception will just be from 10:00-17:00 as well.
Grate the lemon and blood orange peel over the fish with a fine grater.
We use this filter most often when filming on bright sunny days when the native shutter-speed is reading 1/2000th.
The original role of the rally was to get the students' hands a bit dirty and in the process teach them work methods for researching fish.
In light of the name of the piece, the listener can play with the idea that the bassoon is the voice of the storyteller.
His subject matter often includes social taboos such as politics and religion and his performances have often moved communities.
For purposes of this Rule, the  ground  includes sand or other natural materials put in place to set the tee or ball on.
Emphasis is placed on professional finish, such as foundation, handles and lids where applicable. Experiments in the mixing of glaze are performed as well as experiments with other things, such as using glass, sand etc. in finishing.
16:00-17:00 Hljómskálagarður Park: A Literary Cricket Match: The Authors Cricket Club, a cricket-playing society of authors from the U.K., will face off, showing spectators some of the basic moves in the sport.
Rinse the rhubarb and cut it into small pieces and place in a saucepan with sugar, salt and water.
I could clearly see that Dad has been sneaking around and using my acne-makeup. Let us not forget that I can´t afford major bucks for some new cream at this time.
Measurements show that SO2 is between 9.000 and 21.000 micrograms per cubic meter.
Table I. Consumption (g/day) of selected food from different food groups (Mean±standard deviation (SD) and distribution of the consumption).
Calcium and magnesium support each other, which is why they are conveniently combined in one tablet. It is important to take calcium together with magnesium. After all, taking one substance increases the need for the other mineral.
A maoist in his youth, he revised his opinions and was the editor and one of the main authors of the best-selling and much-debated Black Book of Communism (Livre noir du communisme), published in French in 1997, in German in 1998, in English and Swedish in 1999, in Finnish in 2000 and in Danish in 2003.
If there is no response after the first three days, the treatment should be stopped, and an alternative diagnosis sought.52 The other recommends thiamine hydrochloride 200 mg given three times daily intravenously until there is no further improvement in signs and symptoms.82 Thiamine hydrochloride can be administrated slowly intravenously80, 81 but both guidelines recommend infusion of thiamine diluted with normal saline or 5% glucose given over 30 minutes.
The third position, the field of academic development and research, will be established at the beginning of next year, which includes the art education department and the development of master's programs across the university.
All motors are water tested before they are sent out of the factory.
Trumpets, Timpani and the Birth of the Saviour at Christmas and New Year's
The mountain Hafnarfjall near Borgarnes is part of the same extinguished central volcano as Skardsheidi and is also about 4 million years old.
Though your sins have stained you like scarlet, you can become white like snow; even though they are red as crimson, they will be like wool.
Oxygen deficiency can arise when using gases like nitrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, neon and argon unless good practice is observed.
Yes, nutritional supplements like creatine, protein and others are allowed in carry-on.
In the same way that the New Testament is based on the prophets of the Hebrew Bible, so the Quran is based on the prophetic message of the Bible and Jesus is a central character in the Quran, although he is viewed differently than Christians generally do.
Let us also mention the sisters Angelina and Sara Grimké as representatives of the many women who combined the feminist movement and the figth against slavery. They were Quakers and among the first women who spoke publicly against slavery and, therefore, had to flee from their homes.
After the army left Iceland there were not many houses to live in so the Icelandic people moved into their housing.
In this respect, the series finds clever and genuinely honest ways to mock an aggravating situation: capitalist interest, and the system in which the world is set up to function, directly truncates attempts to inspire the use of renewable energy.
In 1962 he made sets and props for a short film by Éric Duvivier, Concerto mécanique pour la folie ou La Folle Mécamorphose.
Footnotes Hybrid AF 2.0 combines contrast detection and phase detection autofocus, enabling the camera to maintain focus faster and more effectively.
Behind the billboards is a duo that calls itself The White Pube.
However he wondered whether the supervisor had also spoken to a fellow waiter nearby who was bent over tediously wrapping cutlery in napkins. Verkefnið Remember, there can be more than one right answer!
We were particularly interested in evidence of the manuscripts' usage, to be found, for instance, in the marginalia, the various notations or scribblings that the writers, owners, or users of the books put on their pages outside of the main text.
The main sources of selenium in food can be found in Brazilian nuts, eggs, fish products, meat and offal for farm animals such as hearts, liver and kidneys.
It was decided to make a poster and stickers with the message:  The Women's Shelter provides support and information in relation to domestic violence.
I have a feeling that today editors and publishers would find that title rather too dramatic.
Listening To Criticism The lot for ALDIN Biodome will be approximately 1.2 hectares and is part of an 18 hectare development area according to the current Reykjavík city plan, where the city is developing the area over the valley.
The app is specially designed for hearing impaired persons who use sign language, in Icelandic called  döff people .
In January 1906 when a supplement was published the numbers were up to 173.
EU end users and Czech companies will be charged with additional 21% VAT.
We buy smoked eel and wind-dried ham in convenient airtight covers, French patés and Dutch cheeses and some other things for gourmets.
As a sculptor, Pálsson dealt with enigma and touch by making casts of negative spaces and trapping ephemeral moments in solidifying plaster.
On the contrary, long-distance relationships are a lot of work; everyone I know who has been in this situation can attest to that.
The conference was opened by the Chancellor of the University, Dr. Jon Atli Benediktsson, who recalled that the Chair in Fisheries Economics at the University of Iceland was established in 1989 and that Arnason—who is now retiring on the occasion of his seventieth birthday—was its first and only occupant.
Throughout her carrier as an artist, Arnardóttir´s creativity continues to flirt with the fashion world, she collaborates with fashion designers, frequently teaming up with renowned New York based stylist Edda Gudmundsdóttir. Furthermore, her collaboration with Björk for the cover of her album Medulla, is exemplary of the way her art and design transcends genres.
Note the pickup is operated by Reykjavík Excursions and the bus is marked  Tour Pick Up .
The phrase 'we are all made of stardust' is one we hear a lot in popular astronomy, but where exactly does this dust come from?  says Emily Cannon, a PhD student at KU Leuven working with SPHERE images of red supergiants.
We travel in small groups, where each Super jeep has the maximum capacity of 4 to 10 passengers.
The logo is based on a compass concept which is a reference to traveling and new destinations, which the hotel certainly stands for.
It is first worked with circular needle back and forth at an angle with short rows, before continuing in the round with double pointed needles.
Together, we have assessed the opportunity, or rather the need to remember in the Holy Mass in a particular way during this season of Lent, the victims, the numerous victims of the pandemic – declares Cardinal Bagnasco in his message to launch this initiative.
Tickets 3000 ISK Yves Rechsteiner studied organ and harpsichord at the Geneva Conservatory, and specialised on forte-piano and basso continuo at the Schola Cantorum of Basel.
Add the drained pasta to the pan and mix well with the sauce.
The centre is also a home to extensive public programme that follows the concept of  community, art and nature .
Mix together oil, coconut, oatmeal, salt, pepper and curry and place over the fish and cook in a hot oven for about 20 minutes.
Salmon soup with onion, cucumber and capers.
It was a light and simple costume of silk, satin, cotton or thin woollen fabric, or occasionally velvet.
There the climb started in a truck specially designed for the glacier.
She studied Fine Arts at Iceland University of the Arts (2010-2013) and at The Royal Academy of Fine Arts Antwerp (2016-2018).
Vigdís Klara and Guido have been playing together for many years, f. x. with the Icelandic saxophone-quartet, and the saxophone-quartet  mit links  wich was established in Switzerland.
Right before the teacher could finish saying  Please turn off the sou…  we heard a trickling sound and then a flush.
The turnover of the diet industry alone runs on millions, whether it being called a juice cleanse, keto or a lifestyle change.
For safety reasons, halogens must always be diluted with helium or neon.
All patients received aspirin and 26 (78.8%) received clopidogrel and enoxaparin. 16 patients (48.5%) received thrombolytic therapy in median 33 minutes after FMC and 15 patients had PPCI performed in median 4 hours and 15 minutes after FMC.
Robert Schumann: Minnespiel Op. 101 The song cycle Minnespiel Op. 101 by Robert Schumann and Friedrich Ru¨ckert consists of quartets, duets and solo songs written for four voices and piano.
She even posted their chat on Insta and everyone at the school has clicked like on it.
Therefore, I ask again: why is it so common that Middle-Eastern women are portrayed as oppressed housewives who are completely passive to their husbands?
Drop by the Foodhallen, in converted tram sheds, for some tasty touring and to sample a bitterballen, for the name alone (it's a tasty, meat-filled croquette).
From the starting point, the viewer can also see the next video piece, titled 'ACCEPT CHANGE', in which I franti­cally trace the words 'ACCEPT CHANGE' into sand at Grafarvogur beach. The act is noticeably panicked and rushed, however, I'm doing the best I can.
How can you plan for a future when you don't know what you want?
Winter Break | Making of paper crocodiles We sure are going to have lots of fun making paper crocodiles that will eat everything that will come their way!
The minimum wage guarantee will remain in the agreement. It guarantees a minimum monthly wage for full-time work, including premia, bonuses and additional payments.
Objective: Use of the levonorgestrel emergency contraception (EC) pill has become more common after being made formally available in pharmacies without prescription.
* Home connections for staff are 500 kr. per month, billed to the staff member's department.
If a teed ball falls off the tee or is knocked off the tee by the player before the player has made a stroke at it, it may be re-teed anywhere in the teeing area without penalty.
The period for makeup and resit final examinations and assignments is after results from final examinations and assignments have been released; these dates can be seen in the University Academic Calendar.
The models, usually prostitutes, were photographed in a clichéd fashion which combined the erotic with the exotic, primarily reflecting the sexual fantasies of westerners.
Now he is one of the Big Six marathons, and running it is very prestigious, but not at all easy.
Hopefulness and melancholy greet as we hear the anthem for the new world.
If a damaged, defective or recalled battery or device is noticed to have been carried inadvertently on board an aircraft, the passenger concerned must keep the battery or device turned off, protect it from accidental activation (also disabling any features that may turn it on), keep it on their person, and not charge it at any time.
Taste: farm-to-plate lamb and fresh seafood at a number of places around town, or create a picnic to enjoy at the botanic park.
The player takes normal actions near the ball before attempting a stroke, such as practice swings near the ball or addressing the ball by placing the putter on the ground near the ball.
This is naturally a strong tendency in the present day - one tends to hear this stylistic eclecticism in eastern European composers: Arvo Pärt, Sofiu Gubaidulina, Alfred Schnittke.
The color palette creates the illusion that the steel she uses is really soft and flexible material and the sculptures demand that ones' body, eyes and mind glide around the work.
I got interested in kayaking in my early teens when my older cousin and his friend bought a kayak together and started riding the rivers of south Iceland.
Napo is a charming character who can help students think about, understand and act on safety issues.
Objectiv: The main objective of this study was to evaluate the diagnosis and treatment of patients with migraine at the Solvangur Health Care Center in Hafnarfjordur.
Early in her years of education Sara became active in making exhibitions, both in the white cube environment and in the streets of several cities around the world, where she became rather known in the Urban Art scene in Europe.
Innra-Hvanngil, quite deep in Njarðvík (10 km / 6.2 mi) is also well worth a visit; you can drive a short way up by the ravine and then take a gentle hike into the ravine itself which is an unusually colourful and charming world of rhyolite and basalt.
The Loggetta at the bottom of the tower is designed by the 16th C. architect Jacopo Sansovino, who also designed the nearby Libreria Sansoviana and the palaces Ca'Grande and Palazzo Manin-Dolfin at Canal Grande.
Joining her on the panel were activist women from several countries who discussed their experience and vision regarding the struggle for equality.
The topics covered in their replies include, among others, the importance of feminist men, motherhood, activism, and sexual content censorship on social media.
Strauss (1825-1899) Mein Herr Marquis from the operetta Die Fledermaus Eisenstein is introduced to Adele, but he is not sure who she is, because she resembles his waitress.
In Vínbúðin, the liquor store, you can buy light wine, spirits, beer, liqueurs and much more, and find assistance choosing the wine to suite your occasion.
The sound was somewhere between a machine gun, firecrackers, a thunder storm and a rock and roll drum solo.
There is also some outside cultivation on location, including Chinese cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, celery and turnips, which are grown on around 15 hectares of land.
During production certain additives (e.g., chloroethane or BPA) are used to modify the characteristics of the plastic like to strengthen it.
♶ PE-LD (#4) is low-density polyethylene and is used to make items like plastic bags.
The production will be conducted by Bjarni Frímann Bjarnason, the Music Director of the Icelandic Opera and stage director will be Oriol Tomas from Canada.
Mouthwatering cheesecake with jam of green-tomato, cinnamon and lime Refreshing drinks
Our frank and open discussions in preparing this report have revealed that the Nordics share a common strategic view and are prepared to express their commitment, for example through participation in exercises planned by NATO.
Come and enjoy a unique food experience at our restaurant, with tomatoes growing all around!
With AC charging 220V household connector
This provides an easy way to cover frozen vegetables and similar basic products with sauce or spice mixes.
He is currently working on an exhibition about the modernist architect Berthold Lubetkin for the Art Academy in Tbilisi, Georgia. And recently he has started to collaborate with a number of different artists, including: A History of Type Design with Scott Myles.
We believe that the future prospects of Ný-Fiskur are bright and are proud to hand over a sound company to the new owners.
Started marching and sending us  HeilHitlers .
Guide to Terminology has been translated into Norwegian, Finnish, Swedish, Icelandic, Croatian, Esperanto and Chinese:
Andrea Bocelli released his album  Si Forever: The Diamond Edition  on November 8th 2019 and the record expands on his number one record  Si  with brand new duets featuring Grammy-nominated British singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding as well as a brand-new song featuring Jennifer Garner.
Furthermore he also works in the fields of installation, painting, photography and acoustics.
The story of Bob and Hilbert is illustrated in Bárður Oskarsson's characteristic minimalist, sensitive strokes.
If I'm alone outside I start freaking out because I don't feel safe.
Driftwood necklace; driftwood, old panel and oxidised sterling silver.
This accumulation of fractures and fallibility contributes to the creation of an open imaginative terrain; something between mythology and documentary.
A dramatically rendered, contemporary song-cycle imagines what little hope is left after an unavoidable global climate-catastrophe have struck in this sensual and moving puppet-dystopia.
It is estimated that the Keops pyramid in Egypt was originally aroun 230 m in diameter and 146.5 m heigh.
The Planet Youth organisation, founded a few years ago, assists communities in implementing the Icelandic Model in 31 countries and more than 100 communities in Australia, Europe, Africa and in over 50 cities in Chile, Columbia, Mexico, and Brazil.
The scarcity of macrocryst plagioclase and trends in clinopyroxene compositions indicate that the mid-crustal crystallizing assemblage was olivine and clinopyroxene, and plagioclase fractionated later.
When all of the races have finished, we'll kick up a BBQ, Icelandic-style and mingle to some jingles while comparing times and wrapping up a hopefully fantastic day.
of fruits and vegetables, of which 35,745 kg of bananas
On their return to Iceland they became trailblazers in the revolution of form known as Modernism, a period when Icelandic art flourished as never before.
Birgit Djupedal will conduct Purcell's cantata.
It provided a feminist check on the political parties that responded by taking up many of its ideas and by placing more women in viable seats on their lists.
To ensure comfort and safety for all of our clients, we have plenty of room in our office including easy entrance and accessibility.
Keldur also had a Catholic monastery.
Our junior suites are 40 sqm big and have a private bath with bathtub & shower.
Kristján Jóhannsson made his operatic debut 1980 at the Osimo Teatro Piccola la Fenice in Puccini´s Il Tabarro og Gianni Schicchi and quickly attracted the attention of major opera houses in Great Britain and Italy.
Prepare for a smooth raspberry & liquorice track that makes you shout Hey!
750 ml water (for alcoholic version: one bottle of red wine + optional vodka or cognac to make it even stronger)
The mechanical shutter makes mapping missions or regular data capture seamless as the Phantom 4 RTK can move while taking pictures without the risk of rolling shutter blur.
Put the egg, yolks and mustard in a food processor and combine.
We have sold loads of single videos this winter.
Security issues also overlap with all the other themes that the center has brought to the fore, such as the small state theme, where the shelter theory is one of the theories that has been used when discussing security issues.
Good for people with eczema and psoriasis.
You're probably here because someone has been talking to you about animal rights or veganism recently, and we aim to point you in the right direction for more information.
In amongst the swirling mass of stars at its heart lie many intriguing systems, including X-ray sources, variable stars, vampire stars, unexpectedly bright  normal  stars known as blue stragglers (eso1243), and tiny objects known as millisecond pulsars, small dead stars that rotate astonishingly quickly [2].
In 1993 - 1994, the NBA League had agreed to add a new team from Toronto, a so-called  expansion team , as in fact it's possible to buy your way into the league and establish a new team (the amount was USD 125 million at the time).
Shortly after Erró had settled in Paris he painted the Méca series, where he points out the assorted maladies of the industrialised and capitalistic society of today, as well as condemning every kind of surveillance control and the alienation of modern man.
The rapid rise in world-wide demand for cement and the growing requirements in the steel industry constantly pose new challenges for refractory technology: minerals and raw materials rich in alumina and magnesite are used to develop bricks, castables and moulds which are tailored precisely to suit the processes, temperatures and materials to be processed.
A cosy Café is attached to it, perfect to taste the homemade pastries and coffee afterwards. Exhibition
You've probably never Googled Iceland as much as you have before this moment in time and you probably know that knitting is the classic hobby and everyone wants to either buy an Icelandic sweater, mitts, socks or hats.
Swedish soprano Marie Arnet's career has taken her from Susanna in Mozart's Le Nozze di Figaro, (her UK debut at the Glyndebourne Festival), through to Berg's Lulu, which she sang in David Pountney's production for Welsh National Opera.
Q & A Liquids include gels, creams, ointments and aerosols, whether in bottles, pressure containers, tubes or other packaging.
The race started at 8am in temperature of 2 degrees Celsius, there was not such a big field compared with the half marathon which started two hours later.
I am convinced that the unexpected experience of this semester will make me stronger and more grateful for life, and I look forward to learning even more, but mostly I look forward to having a margarita in hand and a thick layer of sunscreen at the end of 2020.
The concentration of arsenic and other chemicals in geothermal water is higher than in groundwater because of the interaction of water and rock at high temperatures in the geothermal system.
The real-life sound of the psalm fluctuates between the inward reflection of rock and theatrical musical nuances with the support of electric bass and guitar with an unexpected input from the percussion section.
Agnar got to know many well known jazz musicians in New York and that led to his debut cd titled  01  where he plays with drummer Bill Stewart and bassplayer Ben Street.
The exhibition  ARKITÝPA: Circular design lab  is defined by prototypes and work in progress, where materials, forms and ideas in the making are woven together in a visual installation.
Our guests have access to a fireplace seating area in the main building where you can always have coffee or tea.
Food containing high magnesium reduces the risk of colon cancer and inflammatory diseases. This important mineral has a positive role to play in chronic prostatitis, which can cause permanent pain in the pelvic and surrounding areas.
There are probably other words that can be used to describe a person that charges cancer patients and people with leukemia obscene amounts money, with promises of curing them, without actually doing anything, words such as: a fake, a fraud, a phony, a charlatan, or even a criminal.
Spectacular view, quality service and local ingredients focusing on the mouth-watering langoustine, caught right in the Hornafjörður's ocean.
It taught me an incredible amount to go through the music of that time, and that was where I got to know some of my favourite composers, such as György Ligeti.
The force that was needed to move the pendulum will take it further than was needed.
Efling members are encouraged not to miss out on bingo.
The taste has good cherries, lyng and medium tanníns to it with a hint of papríka in the background.
There is nothing wrong with savouringthe fancy and  glittery  things of life, as long as it does not weaken our knowledge of the importance of strengthening our human spirit in a sophisticated and practical manner.
Nickel and iron vapours have now even been detected in comets observed at more than 480 million kilometres from the Sun, more than three times the Earth-Sun distance.
If enzymes in the food are incapacitated due to heating, for example, the body needs to produce more digestive enzymes than otherwise to digest the food.
Reykjavík Jazz and Center Hotels invite you to a Jazz brunch at Jörgensen Kitchen & Bar.
Capturing the Drama of the Icelandic Landscape in Pastel.
Professors, senior lecturers, lecturers and adjunct lecturers shall attend faculty meetings, as well as the directors of research institutes within the faculty.
Macrocryst compositions vary with time, with subglacial and early-Holocene magmatic units being characterized by more primitive and less variegate compositions (An85-92, Fo81-87) compared to middle-Holocene and historical units (An80-92, Fo77-87).
Ujazdowska's work mostly focuses on body and gender in the context of politics, migration movements, class, borders and beliefs, as well as dealing with social and cultural constructions in philosophical, cultural and anthropological context.
Now you must have grasped all about the infrared thermometer.
Napo needs to drink more water but takes energy drinks, eats chocolate bars and takes a fever pill instead, ignoring the advice of the Boss.
Ólafur is a man of many talents: He was the goalkeeper of the Icelandic national football team (U18) and lead vocalist in a rock, punk and country bands.
Sólveig is a postgraduate student in statistics and Andrea is working toward a diploma in sexology.
Artiste in this context means a person who performs personally before an audience or by means of sound or video recording with singing, music, dancing, dramatics, circus acts or similar.
The soothing effect of alcohol is staged as a parody of the ideas that flow by its very with its very help.
It focuses light at a single point in the central part of the eye.
Arsenic is found in the biosphere both in organic and inorganic forms, and there have been recognized more than 50 naturally occurring arsenic species.
That no matter how bad things get, the benefits of staying abstinent will far outweigh any short term relief that might be found in drugs or alcohol.
This hormone increases the sense of well-being, muscle development, boosts libido and sexual pleasure. It also works with other hormones to maintain good health.
Perfect for those traveling on business; the suites include a sitting area which is an ideal place for meetings and socializing.
Hanna Katrín Friðriksson, MP of Alþingi, and Ugla Stefanía Kristjönudóttir Jónsdóttir, President of Trans Ísland, sit down with Þorgerður Einarsdóttir, Professor of Gender Studies at the University of Iceland, and talk about the importance of feminist solidarity with queer people and their issues.
I know that Arnor has been arguing for the strategic importance of ASW to the North Atlantic in NATO for years and the re-awakening of the Alliance to the region is very much a tribute to his efforts.
Highly overused, it is repeated like a mantra and strategically positioned in the middle of the sentence almost like a decoration, an embellishment.
The pianist Edwin Fischer had no doubt that Beethoven composed the first part of the sonata by transposing that passage of Mozart's opera into C-sharp minor.
It's assignments include the recording of international film scores at Hof as well as offering orchestral services to a third party.
Whereas green peppers are plucked while still immature, they contain fewer vitamins than the other colours.
The North End neighborhood is the city's real-deal Little Italy, where pizza and pasta perfection is on offer and wine bars and bakeries offer an authentic slice of the continent.
Enriched with vitamin D to increase absorption of calcium and phosphorous
Women who breastfed had significantly lower insulin levels than women not breastfeeding.
With bell pepper, cucumber, red onion and fresh salad with our own salad cheese on the side.
In 2004 she was made honorary citizen of Heidelberg, and in 2005 she received the highest order of the Dominican Republic.
Enver Hoxha's totalitarian regime went so far as to stipulate atheism in its constitution and to destroy all mosques and churches by dynamite or to transform them into cinemas, gyms or warehouses.
Guitarist and composer Bjarni Már Ingólfsson along with his trio will perform new original compositions.
Actually, since the previous battles to prevent the diffusion of Ebola and SARS, the infrared thermometers have already been deployed worldwide for public screening purposes of detecting the first virus-infected symptoms in people.
If I come in and don't make people laugh with the first joke, then I've fallen into a hole.
All relaxed rooms are air-conditioned and have balconies, flat screen TV with cable channels, a safety deposit box, telephone, free Internet Wi-Fi Access, a mini-bar, security doors and full bathroom with hairdryer.
of January 1997 (video picture captured with Snappy). Here you can see Ármann and Markús happily driving their cars.
The decrease amounts to 1.33 mmol/l (20.1%) among men and 1.71 mmol/l (23.3%) among women. No change is evident in total cholesterol during 2006-2012.
They are simply covering for the worst sort of capitalist,  says Sólveig Anna Jónsdóttir, head of Efling.
I could have remained there for a day listening to his talk, how he became a super-investor in Russia after the dissolution of the Soviet Empire, and how he gained billions, only to lose much of it again to the oligarch mafia.
As he explained in a letter to a relative:  A month ago I started studying Leonardo da Vinci's drawings of the human body.
Without adblocker, you will keep seeing online ads that distribute viruses and malware, compromising your data and computer.
Slippurinn uses Dutch ABI motors that are designed for the most demanding conditions in food processing.
AGA develops and produces powerful, compact and rugged oxyfuel burners needed to retrofit in existing furnaces. The efficient oxyfuel technology makes it possible to replace a 2 MW airfuel burner with a more compact REBOX burner of 1.3 MW, still allowing for an increased production capacity.
Bach's St. Matthew Passion, St. John Passion, Christmas Oratorio and the Mass in B minor, Mozart's Requiem and Great Mass in C minor, the requiems of Duruflé and Fauré, Mendelssohn's oratorios Elijah and St. Paul, Rachmaninoff's All-Night Vigil, Frank Martin's Mass for Double Choir and the German Requiem of Johannes Brahms.
The Old Testament always considered blood a sacred sign of life.60 This teaching remains necessary for all time.
We were actually the first participants in the first prototype of the study.
The outcome of the project will include smart tags solutions that increase the trust and knowledge of the food value chain for consumers and provides new experiences of interactivity with the food industry.
He has a minimalist, yet detail-oriented unconventional and experimental artistic approach, characterized by a marked tendency to transgress various genres and media.
Penne with chicken, bacon and mushrooms in cheese sauce.
Imagine a blend of drums, vocals in five languages, synths, guitars (one hand-made) and a Fela Kuti-style trombone pouring out of the four studios that were built.
Her sculptures are a twist of the clean lines of modernistic sculptures where she uses the aesthetic and semiotics of the dent, the bend, the pull, the roll, the squeeze and other types of transformative actions as her own language.
The restaurant is tall and wide, with American posters and traffic signs on red walls.
She has performed as soloist with Iceland Symphony Orchestra, Athens Camerata in Greece, the Barratt Due Orchestra in Norway and the Academic Symphony Orchestra of the Zaporizhzhya Regional Philharmonic in Ukraine.
Woman with a Churn is, like many of Ásmundur's works of that period, a solid, massy piece.
Jeck has composed music for operas, ballets and films, and has worked with musicians such as Gavin Bryars, Jah Wobble (from Public Image Ltd), Jaki Liebezeit (from CAN), Jacob Kirkegaard, Jóhann Jóhannsson and Hildur Guðnadóttir.
The choice of material in the trawl is a major factor in achieving good results, and in recent years new and better materials have been emerging that have certainly resulted in better results and durability.
This is due to the fact that electric motors only have one moving part while traditional petrol and diesel engines have a whole host of components that could potentially need repair – from valves and pistons to cylinder heads and the fuel cap.
Iceland is at the northernmost part of the potatoes' cultivation area, so there is a lot of fluctuation in the harvest between years, depending on weather conditions.
No fewer than 2,548 candidates will be graduating, which is a record in the 110 year history of the University of Iceland.
Don't forget dates It's absolutely possible to go on a date online, for example by ordering some good take-out and opening bottles of wine in separate countries, but eating together.
When the afternoon passes on, the buses with the tourists leave and we get some peace to stroll around in quiet to inspect the small harbor, the green and black houses and the beautiful embroidery in the window curtains.
Configure the spacious rear load compartment of the XC40 SUV to fit your needs.
The source of these specifically unspecific types of information is usually the charlatan himself and the validity of these claims can not be properly confirmed.
Spirits are high, but at the same time everybody knows that the party will surely come to an end, soon.
Cream together butter, sugar and brown sugar.
Spelled is an old Egyptian barley containing soft gluten than plain flour, is known for lightness and naturally sweet taste. Rye Bread
The answer is that it hasn't, and it will not until Iceland as a country faces up to the racism that is extant here, both systemically and in the community.
The use of glass also refers to the transparent negative space in Gerður's sculptures and her stained glass pieces.
Besides all architectural merits, there is a real natural paradise in Frankfurt - Palms Garden located in the southeast of Frankfurt.
A much lighter object would curve the surface of the trampoline much less: a feather would barely make a dent.
Besides, top DJs come to play music in various parties or events.
The goal of the RINGS 2017 conference in Reykjavik is to share knowledge about feminist research and to engage, critically, with the current rise of nationalism and populism from transnational perspectives. RINGS promotes thinking about the gender dimensions of new political, social and cultural trends and addresses problems relating to scholarly collaboration, resulting from geographical and geopolitical divisions and social inequalities.
Additional staff members from the University of Iceland included Sæmundur A. Halldórsson, research scholar at the Institute of Earth Sciences, Páll Einarsson and Magnús Tumi Guðmundsson, professors in Earth Sciences, Siqi Li, doctoral student and Halldór Geirsson, associate professor in addition to scientists at the Iceland Meteorological Office and Iceland GeoSurvey.
I remember one party where very few showed up, maybe only my family, and I thought I was so uncool.
The first tribes were groups of hunters who killed giant mammoths on the plateau.
At first, Nói only manufactured hard candy and caramels, where all operations took place in a basement room in downtown Reykjavík.
The map collection has 3 overview maps in scales 1:750.000, 1:500.000 and 1:250.000 and for scales 1:100.000 and 1:50.000 the maps are in section of each area. With this publication, it is now in the first time in Icelandic history that maps of scale 1:50.000 is published to the general public of whole of Iceland.
On the programme are furthermore the aria Buss und Reu from the Mattheus Passion of J.S. Bach, an Icelandic folk song and organ pieces by Bach.
Finally the popcorn is packed into 100 g bags.
Both the post and postmodernism are a part of the exhibition  Postwoman .
This plot contains more than ten times more stars than any previous study and it is the first time that this has been done for the entire bulge.
Choose toys or other gifts made of wood or cloth rather than plastic (remember to steer clear of fleece as well).
On the occasion of the celebration  Christianity for 1000 Years in Iceland , in the year 2000, the cathedral was honoured with the title of  Basilica , the only one in Northern Europe.
In this way he made about a hundred collages composed of pictures he selected from technical magazines and popular papers; this technique was much favoured by Dadaists and Surrealists.
In the Fagradalur mountains you can see colourful rhyolite rocks that certainly make their mark on the surrounding environment.
It is important in strategic terms because it is, and has always been a strategic crossroads between the Arctic Sea, the Atlantic and the North Sea.
Characters in his works often end up in horrible situations as the above text fragment from the cantata Mi pal pita il cor shows. The cantata will be performed in full length during the concert.
He alternates between the convention of western progressivism, that regards it as almost a law of nature that all cultures that come into contact with western technological culture are seduced are rapidly lose their cultural virginities, while also experiencing a melancholic nostalgia for the unique life and work of these people, which will be lost in the inevitable encroachment of the modern world.
The player has dropped a ball when taking relief and then reaches down to lift the tee that was marking the relief area.
This calls for a cohesive marketing system where your activities are playing in sync, like the instruments of a symphony, supporting each other.
Our customers are all so different, and we've heard from them time and time again that buying our shoes is like buying a work of art.
To develop and expand the students´s creative practice through choreography and other methods
In storage silos, this has the added advantage of pest and fumigation control, as it blankets the storage container with a high concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2). Cooling
Looking into the crystal ball, the use of cobalt and nickel may very well be decreased in the future as technology advances.
Who do you look up to in this sport?
However, upgrading existing telecom networks with 5G kits will cost Chinese carriers 1.2 trillion yuan ($174 billion), or 1.5 times their investment in the 4G network, said Wei Leping, a telecom expert at the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
But before long, these long-awaited plans became a distant dream. Margaritas were replaced with white Monster and sunscreen for cold creams and bottles of hand sanitizer.
Thousands or even millions of people were touched, and many thousands of people  liked  the story.
For man in The Matrix is redundant on Earth and would be expendable were it not for his utility as a power generator that the machines need as other sources are either depleted or destroyed. For this purpose the machines have gone on to clone the humans and grow them by the billions in pseudo-wombs (or pseudo-matrixes) where they are sustained for the duration of their life spans.
I went to an afterparty at a hotel with a handball team, which in my recollection was German, and splashed a glass of water on a sleeping handball player with a skin-treatment mask on his face, so I could ask him into which room my girlfriend had disappeared.
Girls and boys in 8th and 9th grade are at a vulnerable age, so it is often good for the sexes to work separately so that they can enjoy themselves on their own terms without the hormones controlling too much.
This coffee has a smooth caramelized body with flavours of marzipan and a hint of malt.
The Guardian (UK) describes Kathrine Windfeld's compositions as a rare combination of delicacy and strength: A colorful meeting of sophisticated harmonic passages, driving grooves and poetic ballads that float into her explosive arrangements.
Náttúruljóð on the lyrics of Sjón is performed by Tui Hirv – soprano, Una Sveinbjarnardóttir – violin, Pálína Árnadóttir – violin, Guðrún Hrund Harðardóttir – víóla and Hrafnkell Orri Egilsson – cello.
He also played the saxophone with Stefán Sigurjónsson.
He is sent to the woods to pick chanterelles, but happens to taste a mystery mushroom that makes him so big that he can't even get a comforting hug from his mother.
Working with the Icelandic manuscripts is like handling mummies from the British Museum,  says the artist Gabríela Friðriksdóttir.
- With BBQ lime sauce and black sesame seeds Chicken wings Put wings in a baking tray.
Smart award: Vónin,  Faroese fishing gear manufacturer has developed the Flyer as a lift-generating device and alternative to conventional trawl floats.
The Icelandic myth that it is a sign of virtue to stay tough no matter the circumstance has undoubtedly played a large part in the nation's mental problems.
Guests can enjoy a spacious and airy common room with billiards and darts.
[1] AGB stars get their odd name because of their position on the Hertzsprung Russell diagram, a plot of the brightnesses of stars against their colours.
Unseasoned, but a sophisticated palate may detect an aroma of mint and vanilla. Sweet, yet dry.
It is most often caused by excessive salt loss from the gut but is also associated with severe systemic disorders in which there is actual or apparent aldosterone deficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), which is the most common inherited disorder of aldosterone synthesis, and pseudohypoaldosteronism (PHA).
An important development took place in Libia & Ólafur's performative work in the process; for the first time viewers did not encounter the performance; rather, the performers encountered the people (walking along the canals of Venice) as their gondola moved through the canals of the city, the site of the work.
In his article Magnús relies on English annals, which show clearly how extensively Norsemen intermeddled in English affairs.
Our own Sun now has just 1% of the lithium content that was present in the material from which it formed.
The course will cover the basic rowing techniques, rescues and how best to take care of the kayak and the equipment needed for the sport.
Did you know that just three crops – wheat, corn, and rice – account for almost half of the world's calorie consumption?
The director, Guðmundur Arnar Guðmundsson, has a relaxed, naturalistic style. While the fjords and green vistas of Eastern Iceland provide a stunning backdrop, they don't overshadow the narrative or its intense focus on the boy's experiences.
Professors, senior lecturers, lecturers and adjunct lecturers may apply for grants from the Fund.
There are places where the availability of money or branded clothing does not matter, but the main thing is the desire to hang out all night and be ready for new exploits. Popular Resorts
You are able to choose to only backup your photos or your videos over WiFi or by using cellular network.
On our way to our first world tour. All guitars and equipment locked up in Club 7.
When it is not possible to adjust the compass, a deviation table is made which shows the deviations according to the courses.
The special-purpose ALMA correlator has over 134 million processors and performs up to 17 quadrillion operations per second, a speed comparable to the fastest general-purpose supercomputer in operation today.
This piece is a form of experimental music embracing the unknown results of a counterpoint between something actual and something imaginary.
Steinar has in his career conducted a number of choirs as well as having performed as a pianist, organist and conductor in various settings. Steinar is currently enrolled in the master's program in Ensemble Conducting at the Royal Danish Academy of Music
The children's books that we read when we were young were about people within the norm; films and television series showed characters that fit into the norm.
To even further my surprise, the man of the house we were visiting, listened with great enthusiasm and then enlightened us of the fact that in that very place where we had been staying, there had been an Indian camp and that it was documented in North-American History that military conflicts between white people and Native-American people took place there.
Jón Ólafsson for the book Appelsínur frá Abkasíu: Vera Hertzsch, Halldór Laxness og hreinsanirnar miklu (Oranges from Abkasia: Vera Hertzsch, Halldór Laxness and the Great Purge).  An effective and critical analysis of communism and the Soviet Gulag, revealing the vulnerability of the common citizen.
On the adventure it is particularly enjoyable to travel to Edinburgh, but a fun Christmas village and a tivoli sets its sights on the city at that time.
Blockchain, in conjunction with inspection on mine sites, GPS tracking, entry and exit scanning, verified logistics providers, facial recognition, ID checks, and time tracking, all significantly boost the traceability of cobalt from the mine to the car factory.
In the Hague 12 November 2013, the application of RNH, the Icelandic Research Centre for Innovation and Economic Growth, to join the Platform of European Memory and Conscience was accepted. Formed in 2011 in response to the resolutions by the European Council and the European Parliament in memory of victims of totalitarianism, Nazism and communism, the Platform held its annual meeting in the Hague.
While the artist has placed the emphasis on form, the piece is a naturalistic depiction of the traditional method of making butter, and an ode to the women of Iceland, past and present.
Stylistically, she draws out of magical realism and the popular dystopia which is so popular right now, but Karikko also contains the classic youth novel's basic intrigue: a young person's liberation and discovery of one's own way in life.
A unique opportunity to extend ones understanding of the author's life and work, and to get to know the persona behind the writing, their individual perspective and influences.
The sound of the word is also undeniably reminiscent of Iceland, and so the name is both musical and  Icelandic .
It was spent on exactly what the elites and the deep state desired it to be spent on, without the public's knowledge.
Conveyed in a highly poetic form of prose and with a wilfully playful attitude to the narrative, this love story spans all times and no time.
An artist residence for Kristjan Davidsson and his family by Ar. Mannfred Vilhjalmsson for its judicious use of light, volume, structure and intent without sacrificing design value and user comfort at the altar of budget is our top pick.
Studies indicate that its substances reduce or stop the activity of enzymes that convert testosterone to dihydrotestosterone.
Repair and warranty service for Sail motors is in cooperation with Reiðhjóla og sláttuvélaþjónustuna Vagnhöfða, they have decades of experience of servicing and repairing two and four stroke motors. Login Register
DJI Pilot is a robust App developed specifically for enterprise users to unleash the power of their DJI drones.
If this applies, it's also logical that 80% of the hassle and the trouble and the negative times we have in our business are due to another 20% of our customers.
To achieve this objective, the association aims to actively participate in public discourse and focus on the following mission and objectives, which have a clear feminist purpose and an expansive public relevance.
A link has been found between a specific eye disease and this gene, sometimes causing trouble, especially when in homozygote state.
The piece is virtually a short concerto for bassoon and strings and, in fast, the composer says he had especially in mind the very gifted bassoon player, Brjánn Ingason.
Although the scriptwriters follow every formula of how to build a character, they also have the courage to take risks with their characters, elevating them beyond mere formulae.
For that matter, all unprocessed food from the major food groups could be considered  super  and all are useful as part of a balanced diet.
From there we drive our super jeeps to the edge of the glacier.
Supporters of the Icelandic króna, who were hard-pressed when the króna was in free fall 2000-2001, have sounded convincing when they have pointed out that the currency appears to have served rather well as a relief valve on the economy and equilibrium has been reached once more.
When the strikes of Efling and VR were about to start last week, Kynnisferðir proclaimed that the company had several drivers who were registered in other unions, or none at all, and that they were free to break the strike.
The performer engages – becomes entangled – with an activity that does not revolve around sound but around the impossibility of silence and the physical nature of both the piano and performance.
He argues that our thoughts are just the result of biochemical algorithms. According to Harari, there will come a time when humanity will be fully aware that there is no free will and someone will also perfectly succeed in manipulating our thoughts.
Tomorrow someone else gets a better deal and can sell things cheaper than you and you end up with a price war on your hands.
Their purpose is to promote unity among the Catholic lay people in Iceland and to encourage participation in the life and mission of the Catholic Church.
After holding a series of solo shows at the Iceland Academy of the Arts and writing their self reflective BA essays, the group has decided to renounce the solo and refuse to do everything on their own.
We were completely surprised to find millimetre-sized grains in this thin little disc,  said Luca Ricci of the California Institute of Technology, USA, who led a team of astronomers based in the United States, Europe and Chile.
What I can tell you is that, like you, at some point, I did ask myself what the trick behind the idea of the  Christmas Spirit  was.
Although these chimneys look in many ways like chimneys in deep sea vents, they are made of magnesium cilicate clay while deep sea chimneys are made of anhydrite.
Later the mosque was enlarged several times, always in the same style.
was held in Akranes and Reykjavik Iceland on February 23rd and 24th. In 2015 the mayor of Akranes sought consultation from the National Museum regarding what do do regarding conservation of the vessel Sigurfari.
The system consists of three new Grasso screw compressors, pump separator, titanium tube condenser and other components.
I won the green card in a lottery, so I will move to New York in September.
The gothic Notre-Dame Basilica is wonderfully ornate, and no less interesting than its namesake in Paris.
The player may also place the ball on a tee or adjust the height of the tee the ball is resting on.
Rye bread can be found in every bakery and supermarket in Iceland and its history is over 200 years old.
The choir has twice been nominated as Performer of the Year in Classical and Contemporary Music at the Icelandic Music Awards, in 2012 for their performance of Beethoven's 9th Symphony (with the Iceland Symphony Orchestra) and in 2015 for their performance of Handel's Solomon at the Festival of Sacred Arts in Hallgrímskirkja.
Her PhD dissertation focused on climate change and security in the Arctic, where she used a feminist perspective to analyse norms and values shaping climate policy in Iceland.
This PhD study is one of many projects associated to CarbFix, and the aim of this study has been to investigate the effect of secondary carbonate coatings on basaltic glass and silicate minerals.
Each poem featured in the social media campaign will link to the one before, either through its theme, or with interesting trivia about the poet.
Add some pasta water to the sauce mixture to prevent it from getting too thick.
To increase and improve bone strength, Stronger BONES also contains Vitamin C, and D3 Other ingredients included are zinc, manganese, calcium, magnesium, and other micronutrients.
The teenager may need a bit of coaxing, my 6-year-old will get all revved up and excited at the mere mention of the word  summer house  and when I am inviting my friends to come with us I may mention that gorgeous steak we bought for the barbeque and the fantastic vintage red wine to go with it;)
It differed somewhat from this sculpture, which was moulded in plaster of Paris in late 1927 in Paris.
If you see poorly up close (Hyperopia) Here is the eye either too short (small) or the cornea too flat with the result being light is focused at a point behind the retina.
Behind Islamophobia lie in many cases the ideas that Islam is foreign to Christian tradition, that Islamic influence poses a threat to Western culture and that Muslims are more prone to violent acts and religious terrorism than adherents to other religions.
A wireless internet connection free of charge for guests, a small souvenir shop and café open when ships are docking. WC for men, women and the disabled.
It says that, for example, in the Douay–Rheims Catholic Bible.
Fákasel is made as a horse theatre and the spotlight and light variation made a great atmosphere together with the live music the beautiful and talented couple Jóhanna Guðrún Jónsdóttir singer and her husband and gitarplayer Davíð Sigurgeirsson presented.
The English writer and commentator on current affairs, Dr. Richard North, 30 January 2014 explored choices facing the United Kingdom upon possibly leaving the EU, one of them being membership in the EEA, European Economic Area, with Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
The main difference between these groups is that dinoflagellates have a skeleton made from chitin, while in diatoms it is made of silicates.
It isn't a state of being or a place or a metaphor, but a person, a character in a drama who can tell us in our own language what to expect in the World to Come.
The goal of MEME Vol. 2 is to promote gender equality and combat discrimination through an intersectional, anti-discrimination approach to empowerment through music and creativity.
The chapel organ, which has eight stops, is from the Danish firm Bruno Christensen & Sönner.
The essential amino acid Lysine is one of the key elements in collagen and plays an important role in its production.
Furthermore, microphenocrysts of plagioclase, augite and olivine (Figure 1) crystallized in equilibrium with the basaltic glass in the shallow dyke, in accordance with geophysical observations.
When the machine stops moving around, it is done. Push the lever away from the machine to remove the material. [[File:14_how-to-set-up-the-vinyl-cutter.jpg|400px]] '''Preparing your sticker:''' *First peel off the background pieces.
Nobody is better placed to lead the walking tour than Sigurjón Arason, professor emeritus at the University of Iceland and head engineer at Matís.
Soprano Júlía Traustadóttir Kondrup gives her final recital from the music department of the IUA (Iceland University of the Arts) on Sunday, May 19th at 3pm.
We ended up drinking really sweet and strong tasting cocktails with our steak!
Substances such as caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol should be avoided, as they can increase the symptoms.
Place fish/meat/vegetables into mixture and marinate for at least two hours.
In the MPC's opinion, one of the main arguments in favour of a 0.5-point rate hike was that  the inflation outlook had worsened materially and inflation expectations had risen such that a 0.25-point increase would not suffice, as the monetary stance would still be looser than at the time of the October meeting even after such a rate hike.
A soothing and nourishing lavender paraffin mask is applied to the hands and leaves them moisturized and smooth.
Opera singer Íris Björk Gunnarsdóttir and pianist Hjalti Þór Davíðsson will perform arias from operas with prominent LGBTQ+ characters and talk about Íris's research about LGBTQ+ in operas as part of an informative and entertaining programme.
There is news from the African Union, and for the first time we have included a feminist poem in the Newsletter.
It contains large amount of nitrate, that bacteria in the mouth turn into nitrite when chewed.
Tui Hirv has also been singing with early music vocal group Vox Clamantis under the guidance of Jaan-Eik Tulve.
His works were exhibitied widely in Iceland. He painted in oil, acrylics and watercolour, but Hafnarborg's exhibition focuses on his prints, many of which belong to the Hafnarborg Collection.
The realistic, understated piece forms one massive whole, enlivened by the position and expression of the head.
Until midnight, you can drink cocktails on the terrace of a cozy restaurant and listen to pleasant live music.
You can print the poster with your own printer.
The Baron's scope of operations in Iceland was considerable but did not prove profitable and he went bankrupt.
Chlorella (Chlorella vulgaris) Chlorella is liver cleansing, antibacterial, increases metabolism, strengthens the intestinal flora, lowers cholesterol and combats aging.
She offered her visitors Homeblest biscuits and gave me a raincoat with a metallic sheen from the Quelle catalogue for my 13th birthday.
We are a young practice combining intuitive design with computational tools.
We can also arrange to camp at a campsite with facilities if that is your choice.
Five from Iceland, four from the UK, and eight Sierra Leoneans spent 1 week together in pop up studios, exchanging ideas, jamming and creating music as part of a collaboration called OSUSU.
About two days later I received an email from the HR manager that said: ¨sorry, the mailing list I used was the wrong one, my bad¨.
Bananas and aluminium share the facts that both are aliens in Icelandic nature however they have found their way to the country by different means and distinct Icelandic nature is harnessed to fabricate them.
Again, Isaiah, chapter 34, gives a vivid piCture of the world tribulation, whilst the whole of the next chapter, 35, tells of the glorious time to follow, and is one of the loveliest chapters in the whole Bible.
There is a new headline every day, a comment about your butt at work and some boys talking about this nasty, easy girl from Borgarnes behind you on the bus.
Gas mixtures for excimer lasers often consist of halogens, noble gases (krypton, xenon or argon) and buffer gases (helium or neon).
Emigrant literature is often epic in character, and Vilhelm Moberg's enormous emigrant novels are his masterpieces.
This can be attributed to fewer absence-related accidents and a less severe wave of influenza than in previous years.
Consulting The advertising environment is changing rapidly, so it is important to adapt quickly and follow the trends that are present at any given time.
Cut the zucchini into cubes and add in with eggplant, kidney beans and tomato puree and simmer.
AGA has also developed a range of integrated valves and regulators, contact your local country to see what is available for you.
In 1982 women in Iceland united across established political divisions and formed a feminist political movement, The Women's List (later The Women's Alliance, 1983), as an alternative to traditional political parties in municipal and national elections.
Other salary items included in the collective agreement such as fish processing bonuses, are increased by 2,5%.
Þórir has given world premieres to pieces for the double bass alone, bass and piano and a concerto for double bass and chamber orchestra.
The Icelandic power and democracy study focuses on empirical research and emphasizes a multidisciplinary approach of involving scholars from different disciplines of social science.
On one hand, Handel offered London sumptuous and lavish feasts of music; large scale operas, oratorios full of force and grandeur and of course the famous music spectacles of the Royal Fireworks and the Water Music.
Indicator 7.b.1: Installed renewable energy-generating capacity in developing countries (in watts per capita)
Claire Paugam and Julius Pollux then teamed up to expand the project into an art exhibition and elevate political concerns within a poetic perspective, encouraging a humanistic and empathetic look on people's stories, situations, emotions and backgrounds.
We do not raise money through bake sales, bazaars, bingo games, carnivals, dinners, raffles, or similar events, nor do we solicit donations.
Fasting blood sugar levels in repeated samples must have been higher than 8 mmol/l and the insured must have been treated with insulin for more than three months.
They will be all over Iceland this summer, so be aware of whether the most fun party is in your zip code.
When you realise that stand-up is the thing that stresses you out the most when you take the stage, you start to think that there must be something special there, artistically speaking,  says Vilhelm, adding,  It also means instant feedback!
Here are a few of our favorite Discord logos.
The city castle is from the 14th C. The most interesting part are the Moorish gardens behind the castle, on uneven ground with fountains, flowing water and ponds.
We are aware that this is not easy for many and maybe especially because it is not a tradition to take many tours in a row without going ashore in between trips.
Many places serve food (from classic pub fare to high-end cuisine) to accompany the real ales, microbrews and whiskies on offer.
The skyr dairy produced the local dairy association's main product, skyr, and was the first to manufacture yogurt in Iceland, which they bottled in glass and sold as heilsumjólk or  healthy milk .
Such an initiative would be a good example of how Nordic cooperation can strengthen each country in its response to conflicting diplomatic and political pressures from the great powers.
Impromptu (1989) for clarinet and string quartet.
Few excellent restaurants and cafes can be found in Húnaþing vestra so no one need to go hungry from the province.
When I was a teenager and had already marinated in a couple of editions of Vera (icelandic feminist magazine 1982-2005) and Vogue, two magazines which my mom subscribed to, and had borrowed her old copy of the feminist classic The Women's Room by Marilyn French I started to acknowledge this independence.
Extramural: October 4th - November 9th 2008 Sigurjón and Þorvaldur - Two Modernists In Hafnarborg - the Hafnarfjörður Institute of Culture and Fine Art
The logo consists of well-known signs from the physical sciences and the font is of a humanist kind.
We use special designed rolls on the eyelashes and permanent liquid.
If water becomes trapped in the boxes it will reduce the vessel's stability and increase the risk of capsizing.
Furthermore it was unusual in that he splices together mechanical figures and material from magazines.
This applies particularly well to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach, who, despite being considered old fashioned in his own time, constantly brings fresh tidings to contemporary ears – as can clearly be heard both in the elegant Sonata for violin and keyboard in F-minor and in the curious selection of arias featured in this programme.
Embark on a boat trip to Nyhavn to enjoy the colorful houses on the canal.
Water, vinegar, salt and sugar are put in a saucepan and brought to the boil.
In Hreinn Friðfinnsson's delicate and lyrical artworks he frequently uses photographs, text, stories and folklore, dreams and supernatural events, often with a delicate sense of humour.
Our warehouse in Suðurhraun stores healthcare and consumer products that are distributed to customers around the country, e.g. to hospitals, health institutions, apothecaries, veterinarians and supermarkets.
We watch and read lots of Anime, but we also do all kinds of cool stuff like t-shirt printing, badge making, drawing or just talking about our favourite anime characters.
The editors of the almanac at that time were the astronomer Trausti Einarsson and the mathematician Leifur Ásgeirsson, both professors at the University of Iceland.
She didn't gossip about her friends and family, but spied on her neighbour that lived in the house at the bottom of the hill her apartment building was on, and made up stories about him for her grandchildren.
The dean of a school shall, under the authority of the rector, engage temporary academic staff, adjunct lecturers (aðjúnktar) and sessional teachers (stundakennarar) at the school and institutes under its auspices. The relevant director shall, under the authority of the rector, engage academic staff at institutes under the auspices of the University Council.
1960 - 2000 1960 or there about marks a new phase with Musica Nova and Rock and roll.
The Oddfellows house is of the early modernist, or  funkis,  variety, and owned by a fairly isolationist fraternal order.
This short chamber music piece is divided into a slow, lyrical introduction for the cello (with the background voices of the violin and viola) and a slightly faster main section where the bassoon usually has the principal part, playing against the strings.
If you have already studied the whole night life of the island's capital, then you can go to the nearby El Arenal or to Portals Nous with more fashionable and glamorous bars.
The geology of Ögurnes is quite special, there you can find both corals and a tiny warm spring.
Rabbi Wiener: He was the founder of Zionism.
Spectra from ePESSTO and the VLT's X-shooter instrument suggest the presence of caesium and tellurium ejected from the merging neutron stars.
Over the years, he has been widely involved in sustainable design, and in the process he has focused on finding new angles in that field.
What happened was that I realised, two years too late, that I had not been invited to that party at all.
Lung cancer is most common but asbestos is also a risk factor for cancers of other organs.
D:Perhaps it is this link that Huginn is looking for, that is, the basic ideas. Different materials may be used, but the ideas that underlie abstract works and your installation overlap.
He sang the role of Baron Ochs under the baton of Sir Simon Rattle in Amsterdam in 2011. Then in 2013 he sang the same role at the Metropolitan Opera in New York.
Other crops from the same family include e.g. potatoes, tomatoes and aubergines.
Google Scholar can be configured in such a way that the search engine provides links to the full text of journal articles within databases that the library has access to. In such cases, Til|Available@RU.is appears on the right side of the screen.
Sailing and living aboard the beautifully restored oak schooners of North Sailing
Karana' means to do or create in Sanskrit, but it is also the name of a traditional Indian dance.
Eisbein(pork knuckle boiled in beer), Berlin chop, deep-fried rib-bacon, Eintopf (thick soup with smoked meat products), grilled sausages with sauerkraut and braised cabbage with curry - all this can be ordered in almost any cafe.
The trio consists of Rakel Björk Björnsdóttir, actress and singer at Borgarleikhúsið, Garðar Borgþórsson guitar and drummer and Ingimar Ingimarsson organist.
Increasingly, there has been strong demand from medium-sized trawlers for more efficient trawl doors and we have supplied Thor doors to several skippers in Ireland, and in Mediterranean Spain our Jupiter pelagic doors, fitted with keels for towing off the seabed to spread demersal trawls, have become very popular.
The work was more fast-paced and time more limited, as the university closes every day at dinnertime, and doesn't open at all on holidays and weekends.
The second is the 1951 holiday cabin which the modernist architect Le Corbusier (1887-1965) designed for himself.
The_Jensson_Corpus/jensson.phoneme.dictionary - all defined phonemes in Icelandic used in the corpus.
The style is light, rich in imagery and collage-like, and morphs into the surreal when tattooed Rósa moves in with Janus, who, alone and alcoholic in his apartment, can no longer distinguish between real experiences and dreams.
Cook the soy sauce, Mirin, sugar, lemongrass, garlic and dill together in a pot and put aside for about 20 min. before sieving the sauce.
In the future, we can imagine a kind of reverse oil platform: instead of extracting gas and oil from the seafloor, we could be injecting carbon dioxide into the basalt and mineralizing it,  says Sandra. She adds,  It might be difficult to imagine this kind of carbon disposal plant.
Roman natural historian and author Pliny, born in 23 AD, wrote about alum - the salt containing aluminum, potassium, sulfates and water of crystallization, which was used from antiquity to the Middle Ages as a mordant to fix dye in weaving.
There was the red Fender bass, and a series of photographs diamond, sapphire, ruby, and emerald.
Historical approach is the exhibition's second angle, through special cooperation with Akureyri Museum and Akureyri Structural department.
This disruption demands a solidification of a continuously uncertain liquid state, which allows one to perceive a petrified standstill – a dialectical moment in an experienced now.
At this time one of his offices was Chief Secretary to the Danish and Norwegian departments of the Government of Denmark, making him a highly influential figure in the realm.
By combining melody and noise, Ruokangas' music spans from delicate and melodic atmospheres to almost violent avant-garde.
Now, it seems clear that no one will be stepping foot in a theater until January or February at the earliest - if then - but we won't let that stop us from serving up a good helping of theater-related content.
The choir is feminist and offers all feminists to join.
It can most definitely help to be more organized, use apps to control your work hours and help with your concentration. It can also help you limiting the time you use on social media by using apps that block them after a certain amount of time.
[1] The discovery of the additional new clusters was just announced in San Juan, Argentina, during the first bi-national meeting of the Argentinian and Chilean astronomical associations.
MENU Sandwiches Toasted ham and cheese sandwich with sweet mustard, served with salad, french fries and cocktail sauce
Since the bonds between atoms which make up molecules are easily broken by ultraviolet radiation, molecular gas cannot survive in an environment exposed to the strong ultraviolet radiation produced by the hot, massive stars in its star-forming region, including the one that would eventually explode as the observed GRB.
Had social media existed back then, I most certainly would have posted a photo of him and tagged the training squad or youth team.
The production of aluminum takes a serious toll on the environment as it is sourced from bauxite, an ore that contains a high concentration of aluminum.
After all, he is a participant in the Great Race - using his blood money to buy extra-absorbent paper diapers for his kids, then parks the family car and marches along the accepted routes under other people's flag of convenience on a sunny afternoon.
I have earlier pointed out in my blog that the subsidence of Bárðarbunga follows remarkably well a curve or trend, as shown on the graph above (data from the web site of Veðurstofan).
You can share your albums with your families or your friends by simply sending the links to them via a simple message, email, social media or any other way. Conclusion
4 times over the year, you receive a Meditation, recipe for Ceremonies & Seasonal Altars, & information about the Icelandic Goddesses, all of which you can download & use whenever suites you & your life.
She wonders how a contemporary person creates their identity according to the demands of the consumerist society's expectations and presents these thoughts in an ironic and comical way.
Nelson Monument On the middle of the square a statue of admiral Nelson towers on a granite column of 52 meters, surrounded by four bronze lions and thousands of living doves which a favorite with children.
What is the history of humor and of what we consider funny?
Last year´s value was 970 million ISK but now the ship will probably be landing another three times so it will go well past the one billion mark this year.
In the eyes of most people you can see the habits of variation of actors in movies and TV shows, repeatedly acting out the same type.
In this course the basics of biological chemistry are worked with, such as the nomenclature of biological chemicals, the shape of molecules and bonds, chemical reaction, chirality of molecules, proteins - sucrose - lipid - DNA.
16 JÚDAS QUADRUPEL Júdas greets you with a kiss of rock candy and caramel, concealing in his hand a sly and malty aroma of ripe fruit, plums and blackberries.
In this collection from his practice, over 1200 pieces can be found ranging from the artist´s film archive, negatives and documentation of performances, photographs and VHS recordings.
Tear the bread a little and put into shape. mix sour cream, mayonnaise, pineapple and half of the pineapple juice.
In this prayer we also want to remember the bereaved families and all those who are still suffering from the virus and whose lives remain in uncertainty .
Gradually, the field of vision narrows and the eyesight can look like a tunnel vision.
I think he is taking a little break which is good for him.
For other services such as groceries, restaurants, gas-station, swimming pool, pharmacy, ATM, post office and other practical things – you will find all of these in Hvammstangi village, which is the village you'll drive through to get to the cottages.
Although Naoi Group also produces edamame beans (immature soybeans in the pod) and yakiniku (a Japanese dish made of grilled meat), its main speciality is dumplings.
This comes as a surprise to no one who has seen Williams on the Tonight show and other quality television shows where he energetically jests and jokes, to the degree of offending, especially the elderly.
It is important that students have a microphone headset to ensure the best sound quality in class.
Prepare to lighten up the midnight sky with bright sitrus-tones and shimmering apricots and peaches.
Firstly, we enhanced our SUVs' stability with a sophisticated electronic roll stability control system and secondly, we improved their body design and structure to better protect the occupants in the event of a rollover accident.
1 large sweet potato 2 Tbsp butter or coconut oil 1 garlic cloves, finely chopped a little chili powder salt and pepper 1 tsp cumin 1/2 tsp nutmeg 70-100 g white chocolate drops
The programme is divided into three phases, of which the second and third will involve mentorship – there we will link the startups with someone who can provide tailored advice to the startup's needs.
Along with the sculptures, there were pictures and a social media account we used to spread the message and give people insight into the process.
In Sergei Rachmaninov's Valse et Romance, however, a third pianist is needed – and Víkingur Ólafsson takes a seat between the two sisters in a thrilling, six-handed musical battle over the keyboard.
During the summer the stove was kept in the kitchen, but it was moved into the common room in the winter and set by the chimney.
Information was obtained from medical records and the hospital pharmacy.
The weigh-in gate opens automatically for customers with a business card; others receive a temporary card at the weigh-in hatch.
When you get to the bottom dig up another one and it will set you sailing.
When does the amateur become professional?   What creates a professional?  When it comes to art-making, what determines who is deemed professional?
Acetylene is manufactured through a reaction between calcium carbide and water.
Three-dimensional works made of aluminium cans, picture-frames made of cigarette packaging, paintings with recurring motives and a considerable amount of photographs from Geiri's special point of view, form the back-bone of his unique life achievement.