But in some movies about the Stooges
As a final exercise, I would like you to replace the scatter plot with a bar chart with the same two parameters as before, then proceed by telling the electronic calculator to generate a bar chart.
They agreed to engage Sacajawea's husband, Charbonneau, with the idea that even the beautiful wife would follow them as interpreters.
That's what multimedia cell phones are taking away from us.
I want you to invest like a truck .
In the old days, dresses for theatrical performances were always the same,
It doesn't take a business expert to understand it.
68% of diseases in the United States are dietary.
Carnivores are all athletics stars.
Because you can even call it smoked bacon whatever you want, but once it's in your body, it's no longer bacon.
They can collaborate with them in creating ideas, knowledge, content, design and product.
They can give them more control over selling prices, which is what Radiohead did with the gold online music collections on free offer.
At Frog, the company I work for, we hold quick in-house meetings that connect old employees to new ones, helping them get to know each other quickly.
At the pajamas party, I panicked when I had to discourage girls who wanted to kiss me without revealing myself.
I realized that my mission to photograph homosexuals was flawed, because there were a million different shades of gay.
Once the trauma is over, most people choose a number between 70 and 95% or between 3 and 20%.
There's an entertainment programming industry that's extremely adept at making inviting products that you can't resist.
You need another internship to support your college application.
That was what happened, a bunch of bad guys came in from Brooklyn, and as part of the initiation of three of the members, they had to kill someone, and it happened that I was the guy walking down Bleecker Street that night, and they jumped at me without saying a word.
And then, when I came out and the memories and nightmares were causing me a lot of trouble, I came back to him and I asked him, more or less, what am I supposed to do?
The last scar left by the surgeon, and I think meeting those guys on the street with knives led me to the surgeon's team, and their internship and their talent, and, always, a little bit of luck pushed away the chaos.
For the first time in my life, I worked for nine consecutive weeks, no rest days, working late, to create one of the most beautiful social networking sites I've ever created.
Then in 2005, I co-founded a nonprofit organization for kids and young adults with physical disabilities to engage them in physical activity.
Are you the one who poisoned J-Cub's drink at our party?
I guess the word boss pops up in my mind because I work for him.
Some of you guys know Paul Rand, the greatest graphic artist -- I'm sorry -- in the world.
The great graphic designer Paul Rand -- he designed the IBM trademark, the Westinghouse logo -- basically he said, I designed anything.
Then I told him, once he got dressed, the common things he must have heard in other institutions, like, "This isn't in your head".
In doing so, we created a triple bottom line company.
You and I love are just mammals, so let's do it like they do on Discovery Channel.
We will need a new generation of citizens who are willing to commit themselves to growing, changing and learning as quickly as possible.
The press is a business, and to survive it must be a successful business, so you have to find the right balance between sales needs and journalistic responsibility.
Because this is -- I have a lot of experience as a systems administrator, being a pilot, and this is really --
The life-saving pillows are really strong. They bounce a lot.
I've always been drawn to computers and technology, and I've created some apps for iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad.
I was very much inspired by Steve Jobs, and I started an app circle at school, and a teacher at my school is kindly sponsoring my club.
His hobbies were chess, bridge, and writing articles.
You wouldn't look at this and call it a designer bike: a design bike is made of titanium or molybdenum.
Some people go to the wordbase stadiums to watch the games; I go and see the design relationships.
And I use this -- that is, sort of what I consider urban garbage.
&amp;gt;&amp;gt; The data bank that was here at SLAC was used by people all over the world, but with great difficulty because they had to have an account on the central system.
So before the net, I invented a way for people to do what we now call instant messaging to make a request to the database without registering.
And with a few keystrokes and a few keyword phrases, here are the well-formatted results.
Do you want to spend a weekend in Rome, everything expended, hotel, transportation, food, European breakfast, everything, or a weekend in Paris?
I admire the spirit of that young hunter, even though he has no chance against Benge and the others.
Did I ever tell you I find you rather irresistible in that exciting, super-thin suit?
And it's also the first time I've ever worn a two-piece
They can be moved by hand, they can see each other, they can feel their own movement, and they have a screen and a wireless radio receiver.
Then, after about 30 seconds, they remix, and you have a new set of letters and new possibilities to try.
Corel CONNECT can find and view any document in the system.
To add one, press +.
Right-click and select Install as a raster graphic motif, available from the CorelDRAW Filler list.
This is my film King, Murray, won the Cannes Film Festival in 1970.
And we give them some things to do that, to help them develop pet devices while they intervene in their electronic diary or send their own email.
Our environmental stressors share asbestos levels and lead levels, and everything you're exposed to.
In fact, all the ingredients in this beverage were narcotic, so I call them a group of drugs.
So what was originally reserved for the high society in Paris in the 1700s is increasingly becoming a mass production, consumed by wealthy citizens, and its consumption itself is the result of a campaign to make sugar acceptable.
The first successes in the book market (Jeff has good reason to be obsessed with the market) were the cookbooks.
The remaining contaminated uses the information from the last cycle timer to display the remaining time in a program.
What's going to happen is, the calculator goes to the top here and it's just running through these lines.
In this case, knowing this allows us to create an unusual architecture for a machine or to develop intelligent algorithms that elegantly handle the damage suffered just like an athlete does, instead of building an automaton with excessive equipment.
Rejected by the Decca label who said we don't like their sound and guitar bands are out of fashion now.
And the question is, how do you become a psychopathic killer?
Oh , that Broadway bus ...
Edgeryders wants to be the world's largest expert group on the transition to an active and independent life for young people.
It's an improvised group meeting.
I realized that this Robert Baratheon would end up like all the other rebel lords, reduced to ashes.
The tobacco ring is too powerful, and we keep the idea out of our consciousness.
We'll see once we have the code to extract all the connections on the web page that there are cases where it's easier to write code using
Today, many doubts have arisen about our right to privacy in technology.
He likes to cook lunch for the champagne.
Because we tested ARES models, many models in half a dozen wind tunnels for eight years at NASA's Langley Research Center, under the same conditions as Mars.
It's my opinion that going to the office on a Friday in jeans and a t-shirt isn't really the heart of the matter.
Meeting friends at the pub for an afternoon drink.
Twenty years ago, the political motto was Roti, kapra, makan, which means food, clothing and shelter.
Because of the Indian historical backdrop, the caste system, and the fact that there have been many people who have been left on the streets in the cold, much of the policy is based on how to be sure we're going to address that.
When India grew by 3.5% and the population grew by 2%, its per capita income doubled every 45 years.
The apocalypse has had an apocalypse an army of deadly androids are trying to turn the world into a cyber-hell there's only one thing that can stop them.
In the mid-1970s, Led Zeppelin were the biggest touring rock band in America, yet many critics and peers labeled them as plagiarians.
It's a jewel villa, with a garden in the back, but built right in front of it up to the street, two stories.
Briony Lodge and referred to in the capital room, while I still watched the program from my position at the window.
I think you're going to break one of those bands, and when you break it, I'm going to give you $100. Now, obviously, it was just a little trick by Dr. P to get me to do the exercises that I didn't want to do in front of the prospect of being the richest girl on the second floor, but, in fact, what he did was to give a different shape to a horrible everyday life and turn it into an interesting experience for me.
Randy Course is a motivational speaker, and we have a couple of personal motivation experts here, too.
But in reality, with climate change and rising temperatures, we suddenly see vast fields of wheat, biotechnology, and grain produced in Siberia.
In the delusion of text messages, e-mails, incessant demands from different communication channels and access keys and applications and reminders and cinguettes and identification codes, we lose sight of what this whole mess really means: ourselves.
But there were couriers that brought Polish workers to work, and I remember that on one of these buses there were billboards saying about ours and it said Beste Suppe, Knorr Suppe, the best soup is Knorr soup, which made a very strange effect for us, to see the advertisement of a soup, as if we could choose, in short, the best soup and the less.
My camp of 10,000 prisoners, Monowitz, was part of an industry belonging to IG Farbenindustrie, which was a huge German chemical monopoly, now dismantled.
The first: no group distinctions or political divisions in society.
In these days of fattened cattle and waving wheat fields this humble root, which was once the head of a tribe of Indians, is entirely forgotten, or known only for its flowering lives, but kingdoms of wild nature here once more, and the tender and luxurious English wheat will probably disappear before a myriad of enemies, and without the care of man in line they can bring back even the last seed of wheat to the great wheat field
A quantum is the minimum unit of any physical entity involved in an interaction.
He opened some of the country's first private schools in the late '80s in the United States.
He came with us for one of the teacher update days and he won something like five matches in a row on Match Me and he was very proud of himself.
I think skaters tend to be disadvantaged people who seek a sense of belonging, but on their own terms, and the real respect is given by the way we take what other guys do, these basic tricks, the 360 Flip,
There are no words to say the film's protagonists are shooting a lot of car footage and this really gives you a visceral view of their lives in a way that you could never get by bringing a movie crew to someone's house
Often, my companions and I are the only ones talking around.
Every dot above that line, and you'll notice how most of the countries in the world cross it, represents a useless exuberance, which probably reflects that nation's levels of waste.
Okay, most, not all, but most, and in the world, I'm happy to tell you, this is the norm, but have you ever seen a supermarket or a sandwich shop in the world that serves crusted sandwiches?
They just opened a little shop back here.
Exactly when the Japanese air force bombed Pearl Harbor and finally managed to drag the United States of America into war.
For this climate crisis, we've put together a 50-star network of activists, scientists, entrepreneurs and business leaders.
You can smell anything you want, but this one was built specifically to find grass in students' locker rooms.
Here the Virgin Mary makes an appearance on a cheese sandwich that I was able to hold in my hand at a gambling house in Las Vegas, of course, because this is America.
The institutions, all our financiers let them go!
I've dated a lot of people, and she's also had second dates, but I want to make sure I've found the right person before I start engaging with her.
He also has a lot of spy guns, he can disassemble an iPod and put a hidden camera in it that takes pictures every five seconds or track someone through a global positioning system or put bugs in machines.
I saw the recording screen in the park.
I've been trying to figure out what I could use here, and a couple of weeks ago I had the crazy idea of wanting to print two DJ consoles and try to mix music.
I've already told you about the Hotel in Haiti, the Hotel Montana, which was torn down, which collapsed -- that's where we are today, this is the Westin in Sendai, a fantastic 37-story hotel that survived the catastrophic earthquake of March 11, 2011, the great earthquake in Japan, with almost no damage.
And so teachers, often, can sit down and say, OK, here's a short video of something I think I did well.
I read a copy of Life magazine where there was a story about a blind, 75-year-old Russian woman who could read -- there's still someone trying to read -- (Laughter)
Well, to thank him for saying he was alive and for choosing Michael Mercil as our speaker -- Steve Jurvetson.
They're all identical except for this one, which obviously has a stainless steel nail stuck.
Instantaneous speeds of what might be seen from a motorcycle in a race; and if I walked very leisurely to Rome, I could study the marvelous surfaces and how much more there is to be found.
And part of what Mission Blue is doing is screaming, "Stop!" so that each of us -- explorer, scientist, cartoonist, singer, cook -- can turn on the lights in our own way.
In Africa, every day, 6,500 people die from acquired immune deficiency syndrome -- a disease that can be cured and prevented -- because of the lack of medicines that we have in every pharmacy.
My disagreement takes on multiple perspectives when I speak to the American people and listen to their concerns about the loss and economic well-being of the country.
The car could go off the road and someone gets in an accident and the first person who passes by and finds them injured, they hold their hands and cry with them and they say, here and then there's a doctor who helps them and rescues them but the engineer you've never heard of, who comes and puts a wall on the side of the road, or bends the road, and puts safety barriers so that there are no accidents. You've never heard of these people in society.
Together, we will learn the theory and practice of programming languages, to build a web browser.
You can see through the freeway a camel, and a carriage.
We think about our habits, like a new car, a vacation, or just buying bottled water when the water coming out of the tap is perfectly safe to drink.
Which I knew, because it was the word that made me win the 1976 Ohio State Race.
There, he will be able to review, modify and improve the draft (automatic) translation of your subtitles.
And for those who aren't parents, baby cups are those plastic things that babies use when they're too old for bottles.
One of the farms is called Kirkeby Ranch, where I'll take you for a minute.
The meeting of students in Riau (Fopersma) expressed its solidarity with a torchbearer by urging journalists in Riau to join the protest, due to the government's silence
This was in 1997, and this is a picture that I took about 3:00 a.m. in Mountain View, when we were looking at computer screens because we heard a signal and we thought we did it, right?
Then you place another electron, and we'll talk about rotations and stuff like that in the future.
The bandit:
fall more than part of a copyrighted program created by real bambi definitely went all the cars of the national guard aired 238 regarding the murder but you lost half with rona
There was no disadvantage at this point.
Then the three of them left the apartment together, something they hadn't done for months, and took the electric outdoor trolley outside the city.
Larry recognized from the beginning, and we all appreciated the idea, that these little things on the screen were really the gateway to the big machines in the background, and that all of this would turn into a cloud behind the screen.
This is the story of a luxury boat club are mainly all blue collars.
But they also talk about the fact that their executives, all their known expenses, are uploaded to the company's internal network so that everyone can see them.
There's a lot of clinical trials.
The staff t-shirts didn't work for him anymore, and we had to make the shirt from scratch.
And stereotypes came and besieged us.
Some documents, however, were left intact, and activists, some of them, found their surveillance files filled with transcripts of emails they had sent, instant messages they had sent, even their Skype conversations.
In protest, the author of the electronic diary Slim Amamou, who had been arrested during Ben Ali's government and later took part in the transitional government created after the revolution, resigned from the cabinet, in protest.
Hyundai is a luxury brand.
We never want to be partners in a malicious program or unreliable suppliers or anything like that.
And these are the same signals that go off in addiction disorders.
This is a screenshot from the virtual world Entropia Universe.
Swartz was conducting a massive automated parallel data transfer from PACER.
You heard that I'm advertising the sports drink that you were doing, right?
Our trading agent can detect different things, like stocks or bonds or commodities.
You need to know exactly what your audience will see in the ad.
I'm going to start with an anecdote, or for anyone who's a Monty Python fan, from a Monty Python scene.
Here 's what we 're essentially going to do on the geometry ladder: - figure out how we can prove something rigorously;
That you know how to move it up and down and that you understand the basic concept of the note.
Otherwise, you won't be able to play it. So play some of these powerful chords on the fifth string. Move them up and down and make sure your heating is good.
Seventy-four out of every 100 titles are sequels or remakes of old movies or adaptations of comics, video games, books or other material.
So here's the story of the last 50 years of computing in less than a minute.
leaving only clean composting.
If you're from Reason, you'll be happy to know that you can still create sophisticated combinations of live effects.
Selecting with the mouse and editing with CTRL+E will create two cuts.
Were you aware that you can create delayed scratch effects with Simple Delay?
That this feast received the Torah and faced with the reception they call anger
He was almost always absorbed in a beatific ecstasy, during which he was unconscious.
I heard there's background music in the hotel bathrooms.
The thick black hair, running as it could down here and between the cross bands, projected into curious marshes and horns, giving it the strangest appearance conceivable.
Carl Fearenside, while Hall was having a word or a way of preparing gossip to help whether they were in
They pay interest on sales to patent holders, thus being remunerated for the sharing of their intellectual property.
Intelligence personnel found out and told us someone had been sent to hunt us down.
This is a tense moment in the first game of football, I think.
Nearly 7,000 people helped make my Tropi vs. Women video game project bigger, bigger and better than I could ever have imagined.
That night I was about to experience the Guinness World Record for North Korean dance and acrobatics extravagance and the key culmination moment for most visitors - the Arirang Games.
But perhaps the most exciting thing about it is that the program of this technology is available everywhere.
These teachers' panels, you can go sign up right now and you can essentially become a coach for your children, or grandchildren, or cousins, or maybe some kids at the Boys and Girls Club.
We have this chance to freeze everything, instead of having to believe everything we've been told to believe.
I end with this, which is the driving force behind my entrepreneurial project and also in my life.
It all started with the landing of a flying disc from another galaxy.
So I tried to make sense of it, and when I got there, I looked for some information brochures that would help me decipher this system and understand it, and I found these brochures.
In fact, it's a presentation video of the clown academy they had.
A lesson: Tiziano Terzani's report from China in 1984.
The Doha Tribeca Film Festival was held at our new cultural center, Katara.
Cannery Row, at the time, was the largest industrial cannery on the West Coast.
We were starting a warehouse in L.A., I think.
And now, because they believe they have to work to contribute to the world, they put these stickers on their heads, I'm not kidding, where it says, "Genius at work".
And then the integration of all these technologies that you've heard about, the wireless antenna that allows kids to connect, the readable screen even in broad daylight;
In fact, in the 1930s, the Great Depression led to Bretton Woods, welfare states, and so on.
BDSM, perversions, fetishism, skin, jock straps, cock holes, nipple clamps, domination and submission.
This goes hand in hand with the realm of thoughts that we talked about last week, because thoughts are a vibration.
Take two programs, they will produce children by exchanging subroutines, and the children will inherit the traits of the subprocesses of the two programs.
Just as Darwinism was at its nadir, a revival was underway.
Stupid ways to die -- and -- and, so many stupid ways to die -- pulling out the toasted bread with the fork -- building your own power plant.
Just stay out while I finish the race .
If we simply bring that ratio to 15,000 to one, we would reach those aid targets we agreed on at the Rio Summit 20 years ago, on which the meeting concluded last week made no progress.
You can imagine that if they were chips, poker chips, this would be one of the blue chips in poker, and each blue token represents 10,000.
Last night, as the pain subsides, a reporter and a television correspondent said that that evening the service at Riverside Church will be broadcast on our city channel.
We worked hard to reduce the pollution that was being produced here in Los Angeles.
So I asked people to send me their username and password.
So a local person might be deciding whether to babysit or not.
They get rid of 15 workers a day, but you don't see any massive incursion.
The golden chandeliers go with everything.
The sweet potato baby stuck his hands in his mouth until it was pureed, and then he had nothing to say.
State employees have advantages over their comrades.
The tape is here.
If you think about it, Google's crucial innovation was giving the most important thing -- that is, deciding what's most relevant -- as outsourcing to the network community as a whole, which does what it wants to do.
Suspect: white male, height 1 and 80, yellow suit, red hair and shoes, corresponding to the name Ronald, considered armed and dangerous.
You might, but you'll just be back from a four-week show.
He surrounded himself with a circle of young and unknown academics like Martin Buber, Shai Agnon and Franz Kafka and gave each of them a monthly salary so they could write in peace.
- A bloody story for a grionalist blow ?
This was the Internet, this black box with the red glow, depicted in this play The IT Crowd.
Now, the opposite of a wanted one is your mother.
And other topics, including: adding cones and carving the xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx label
Let me put it this way, if I met someone who only speaks Dutch and has a cure for cancer, would I prevent him from entering my English university?
Then you join some kind of criminal association where you sell insurance and they have a certain share to reach.
The people within our network become the new spokesmen and influence our choices, what we want to read, what we want to say, what we want to buy or eat, and that's a good thing.
But many of our filmmakers and our journalists, they have entered Egypt clandestinely -- voluntarily -- to report on what was happening in Tahrir Square.
- So I said, 'To hell with this shit hut, let's get drunk somewhere else!
Attention: in advance the mirrors are not transparent, they are not silver, as is often said.
But the personal stories that contribute to the journalistic offering are pieces that enjoy the luxury of a slow ball of information .
The problem is that this policy works, and the fiction isn't discovered unless it's credible.
An analysis of this respirator, designed by Rob Freitas, indicates that if you replace 10 percent of your blood cells with these robotic versions, you could do an Olympic flight for 15 minutes without breathing.
Poor kid, they put the camera on his head with the scotch.
You feel a tremendous amount of tension and anxiety because you know someone is going to pop out and it's going to be scary, but you don't know when it's going to happen.
And then I set up a law school for Loyola in downtown Los Angeles.
He was a souvenir salesman who always wanted to be a painter, and I was Frankie P. Toronto.
Well, let's look at the tape and see what happened.
We've had a five-fold increase in recycling since the first day on earth, yet we're producing more garbage than we did in 1970.
One of the things we've learned from visiting different theaters is that we architects are hated because they say that the first thing they have to do, the first five minutes of each performance, is to take our architecture out of their organizers' heads.
But also Becket with the Dallas skyline in the background.
How much more power is there in the serial consumption of expensive accessories, which have a life cycle of one or two years, which are built on closed systems and fenced gardens?
In Georgia, after years of stagnation, we witnessed a sharp increase in violence in August 2008.
You mean you have to be serious about something like this?
It now hosts artists' shop, theater groups, and dance groups.
When you're in the background, you get an answer that maybe makes it sound like this.
I'm not saying a sleeve sports court shirt, but the same shirt that players wear in a game.
Some say they should be free; they should be daily or even smaller:
This morning, it took me 10 minutes to get out of the Hilton parking lot in Burlingame because the card in my room wasn't working, and I was watching everyone else put the card in and passed, put the card in and passed, and my turn came and it didn't work, which is why it took me 10 minutes to get out of the parking lot.
So, in Monty Python style, this reminds me of the Lord Privy Seal scene, but it's to say that children are not empty vessels.
Last week I had sex with a guy at the grocery store because I liked the way he took my stuff.
Roger swims very fast and can reach him and the octopus tries to cheat and look very big in sight.
I also did -- and I don't want to start a little argument in the next meeting -- but I did a Google Share analysis of evolution and natural selection.
Behaviors associated with this are: feelings of loneliness, voyeurism, clicking, searching, opening multiple tabs, forwarding, searching for news, trauma and surprise.
They will have to pay additional fees for basic checks to keep them healthy.
But try to imagine if we were to trash this notion of experience and elite chair, and instead embrace the idea of a democratized expertise, so expertise is not just a matter of surgeons and CEOs, but also of commissioners -- yes.
Clearly someone in Tel Aviv can't digest that the images of the massacres of civilians may overlap with those of the meetings with so much refreshment offered to high-priced journalists.
So not obstructing that apartheid regime was considered a bit of an accomplice, what changes today? He doesn't believe that the best response to the Israeli occupation and this ongoing massacre are the bombings, suicide bombings and Sderot rockets.
I wish them all the best, but especially the President, the First Lady and their children. (Applause)
Netflix was right: Netflix's model could capitalize on DVDs the way videotape rental stores couldn't.
Ma'am, would you like any of these little orange dots with pink spots?
An attack is coming from the left!
This image of Ted Joseph is taken from the book and represents a sort of identification of the creatures that Whitley Strieber had described to him.
Here 's an experimental unit . It looks like a particularly attractive digital book reader .
It means he sent the ball to the outfield, that the ball fell, without being caught, and whoever tried to throw it in first base didn't arrive in time and the runner was safe.
I could have put t and set t as an integration variable, there's no difference and then I have to go from 0 to 3.
This has nothing to do with those who want to establish a privileged world order under their control and big corporations with the rest of the world subservient to them.
The stacked video modules shall be shipped safely in pre-categorized load pallets with thermo-retardant packaging.
I walked into an aseptic room with a silicone cellar, and then I turned on all the machinery for a hundred hours.
I 'm in the pergolas business . There 's plenty of room to go around .
But he explained that he was in a tight spot and that he couldn't find that kind of sexual attraction and that kind of popularity that lectures are known for -- (Laughter) So I said, okay, Ted -- that's Chris.
Ubuntu Edge will be a limited production, available only to supporters of this campaign.
And at the end of the clip this kitsch, packaging I'm sick of
We've developed a mini-computer that we've placed behind her back, through which Amanda can process every muscle signal.
The global warming controversy took a long time and distracted me from scientific research, in part because I had reported the fact that the White House had altered my testimony.
Right now I'm going to talk about them, or I'm going to tell you girls, I keep thinking that all this talk of today's trades teaching, telling, teaching, phone sales I was doing, the founder of a new profession
You were the best spinner.
And we take it for granted, so toys and underwear will help us do that.
And everyone must do their part in the Tree of Life mentioned in this morning's booklet.
The symbol of the door looks like a living room door in the Wild West.
She's going to pass out, but fortunately she's not wearing a scarf like the other girl, who was almost strangled, or like the third girl, who was penetrated with a knife, or like the fourth or fifth girl, who was abducted in a car, but managed to jump out of it... or like the mother who was raped in front of her children.
Anyway, I wasn't willing to claim the feminist label, even though I was surrounded by it, because I associated it with my mother's women's groups, her whiplash skirt and her shoulders -- none of which had much memory in the hallways of the Palmer High Scholl where I was trying to be trendy at the time.
Why has there been no analysis of air quality in this building since we were elected?
As an Austrian, I was deeply impressed by the tragedy of the Trafo in the Tauri Mountains, which cost so many lives, and in which only after many months and with enormous financial effort was it possible to rebuild what had been destroyed inside the tunnel by the fire.
Months of reconstruction work resulted in the interruption of transit in this important communication artery between northern and southern Europe.
There are a number of reasons to pay attention to this, just look at how many accidents have occurred in the past years in the event of fog in Belgium, or the Netherlands or other countries.
The rules laid down in another Directive, Directive 95/35/EC, seem sufficiently adequate to provide responsible advice on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
The margarine and a few pounds of paint, which were basically non-hazardous, caused a real disaster.
This amendment would also be necessary to keep the level of security in force in the Nordic regions unchanged.
And let me also remind him that while he was Secretary of State for Wales, the leader of his party, The Hague, violated all the rules on additionality and therefore received a harsh letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies on regulatory requirements.
In practice, I mean that we are about to enter a period of programming management for 2000-2006, which will not have to be a period of ordinary administration for one simple reason: we have to face two major challenges.
Finally, in response to the concerns expressed by the various honourable Members and in particular by the rapporteur, the guidelines recall the importance and definition of an integrated development or conversion strategy, which, among all priorities, places the greatest opportunity on synergies, measures taken and the achievement of a decentralised partnership.
I do not want to mention all of them: the implementation of intersectoral policies, increasing the effectiveness of the use of public funds, supporting the various partners to achieve regional or national planning together and on the road.
At present, many inserts are presented in this context, while in the future this tool will no longer be available.
For example, last year's figures indicate a total merger value in Europe of EUR 1.4 trillion, or seven times the peak level recorded in the year of the previous European merger explosion in 1990.
I would like to quote the wording of the report: the highest per capita State aids are in Italy, Germany and Ireland.
All this to combat fraud of less than one billion euros while leaving behind tens of billions for GSPs, free trade zones, customs gifts to Chiquita and the billions lost on the fourth resource, GDP, due to the budget austerity pact.
My view, as former Minister for Development, is that these same issues should be integrated and addressed in the context of training and not transformed into some sort of additional accessory.
Of course, access by persons with disabilities to all forms of transport, services and facilities is of the utmost importance, so as to ensure that persons with disabilities also have effective freedom of movement.
Nor is it acceptable for a public institution to have copyright in public documents.
We cannot ignore or circumvent them, not even with a so-called non-binding rule, as was proposed at a meeting of our committee.
This was an argument used against the Commission by duty-free pressure groups, which were resentful of the Commission's abolition of duty-free at airports.
I do not know whether it beats the primacy of all the resolutions tabled in this House, but it certainly beats the primacy of such resolutions.
There is the will, but the fears are enormous, and in order to silence them we must find political and religious guidance not only in Ireland but also throughout the European Union.
Anyone who is English or British or follows cricket knows what it's all about.
Subject: Draft regulation establishing the total allowable catches of certain fish stocks for the year 2000 (specific case of cod) According to the latest reports of the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea, the cod stock in ICES zone VIII is currently in critical condition.
Computer-controlled sales programs have turned any whistle into an avalanche that has overwhelmed jobs, lives and businesses around the world.
We are facing inflation in world-class goods.
This emphasis is all the more important because, as is well known, we disagree substantially with the policies of this Europe: its economic and social policies, its lack of democracy, the involvement of these countries themselves in the dramatic Balkan war.
Instead, I see that all over Europe people drink Coke, eat medallions, wear caps, watch Hollywood movies and often do all this at the same time.
In the coming years, the aim will be to increase women's participation to 40 per cent in Marie Curie grants, advisory meetings and evaluation committees for the entire Fifth RTD Framework Programme.
I shall speak instead of the Spanish Socialist Party, which has recently allied itself with the Albacete butchers, which settles its accounts with Basque nationalists through the prosecution of professional murders.
In order to ensure sustainability - a word that has now become an almost meaningless motto, but we all know what that term means - synergies in rural areas, such as tourism and agriculture, must also be exploited.
And this is in view of the process of enlargement to the east and the process of greater integration with the Mediterranean countries.
Europe, so democratic and so progressive, is silent about these tragic problems, and half of Africa is dying of AIDS and other diseases.
It is not only your passions that you should always take care of, but also your normal daily work.
However, the French delegation of the group to which we belong cannot accept that the INTERREG initiative be diverted from its purpose by the Commission and the federalist faction in order to further dampen the political role of the nations.
As regards the dialogue with the citizens, it is not about propaganda or promotion or even communication.
The question is very important and I would like to know, since we could talk about a small fraud, whether the Commissioner will ensure that those funds are not withheld from the Andalusians, so that the funding that the European Union allocates to Andalusia, based on the census criteria, takes into account those 400,000 children that Aznar does not count when it comes to providing their schools and services.
Thirdly, I would like to raise the problem of Scotch whisky.
If the labour market works for employment levels, flexibility and wage efficiency, the welfare state and social protection cannot fail to work, and vice versa.
We were told that on arrival we would find a courier waiting for us.
Domestic and foreign investment will increase and there will be greater transfer of expertise and technology, which will boost the competitiveness of the ACP countries and facilitate their gradual integration into the world economy.
On average, the Commission has a staff of 2.9 people to manage $10 million in aid, compared with 4.3 in the World Bank and 4 to 9 in most Member States.
The Commission's proposals which are being discussed in the Chamber allow the necessary renewal to take place.
Corinne Caillaux will be found stabbed to death - after she was definitely raped - in the train's bathroom.
The new big challenge we have to face is the resumption of the new round of failed world trade negotiations in Seattle last December.
So far Kouchner has only 2,000 police officers, half of whom are from the United States and Germany.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, I heard on French radio this morning that the liberalisation of posts is now a matter of hours or days and that it is inevitable, as it has been in countries such as Sweden, the Netherlands and Germany.
In this perspective, asset-based management is the key tool for ensuring a balance between objectives, actions and resources.
I thank you, Commissioner Patten, also for being able to frame this complex subject with a bit of British humour, which certainly did not go wrong.
It's hard to predict who's going to cause the healthy quake and when.
However, full employment will be restored when there are no longer longterm unemployed, when each young person has been offered at least one training course, at the latest six months after entering the labour market.
An early warning system for human rights violations would be needed; a webpage would also be needed to illustrate the work being done on human rights, specifying, for example, who is doing what and with what results.
This is a business that, according to the UNDP, can be valued at around seven billion dollars.
This group is a mixture of Mr Bonino and Mr Le Pen, who are already a sensational group, and this group never takes part in committee work.
It's time for Parliament to give a lesson to the chocolate nobles.
Fingerprint detection is a serious interference with confidentiality and the compatibility of these provisions with the European Convention on Human Rights must be carefully assessed.
The concept of universal service gives us the direction to follow, but the idea must not be applied by those providers who censor the Internet, preventing their customers from accessing certain parts of the network by technical means.
In the Lahore declaration, the prime ministers of the two countries affirmed their willingness to respect the 1972 Simla Agreement.
It is precisely because of this stagnation and the high risks it entails that third countries will have to take a balanced approach, urging both sides to calm the tone of military escalation in an articulated manner and to resume a full-scale dialogue to restart the Lahore peace process.
No one wants to argue that the dissuasive effect of the exchange-rate instrument is proportional to the amount of reserves, but it is the ability to mobilise additional activities immediately and at any time that gives a surplus of credibility.
The current legislation risks triggering another trade dispute on both sides of the Atlantic, but this is another problem; it also fails to respect best environmental practice based on performance criteria; and finally - imagine a bit - it excludes aircraft using a modern US-made engine, but allows the use of the Rolls Royce engine whose dilution ratio, appropriately, is 3.1.
A campaign to raise awareness of the seriousness of the problem was launched in early April this year, through television and film advertisements, billboards at airports and large advertisements in newspapers.
They must also, by way of example, ensure that hotel owners and their employees are aware of and contribute to the work of combating child sexual exploitation.
With the request for a parliamentary committee of inquiry, an alliance of Greens, Left and Right clearly wants to turn the European Parliament into a James Bond playground.
A global phenomenon of migration is opposed by plans, budgets and information campaigns.
It is not a question of bottles of champagne being split between Brussels and Strasbourg, which is a whim, if I may say so.
Often, though, our diets contain a mixture of different substances whose effects we do not always know!
Concerns about the way the summit was organised - which was not even part of this semester's agenda - with moments of confusion, apprehension and overwhelming dieterology, made incompatible with the seriousness and rigour expected of the European Union and with the importance of this historic meeting, the first at the highest levels of the highest officials in Europe and Africa.
Go, one day, to that city, sit at your coffee tables and you'll see for yourself.
It would perhaps be more efficient to put your office in a pan-European trailer, rather than waste all these man-months on air travel as it is now.
I will not vote in favour of this list of expenditure unless it is amended in the way I have just stated.
The current increase in tensions is also fueled by the statements of NATO officials as well as new intense military exercises by NATO forces.
I therefore ask: does the Commission also want white paper for other products?
In practice this means that, even for the part of milk contained, for example, in fruit yogurt, no export refunds should be granted.
Whether this has a silencer originally installed or a silencer later installed should not make much difference: decibels triggered by the engines are measured and whether or not this aircraft is silent is then assessed, regardless of the year of manufacture or the type of silencer adopted.
Medical reports have shown that those who live in the immediate vicinity of airports suffer from serious health problems, including insomnia, hypertension, nervous tension, and depression.
As mentioned earlier this evening, e-commerce and online transactions are growing very rapidly, and it is important to create a European legislative framework within which these activities can develop and thrive.
Thirdly, if the expenditure relating to the special envoys is to be transferred to the administrative budget of the Council in the future, as is supposed, this means that the gentlemen's agreement currently in force between the Council and the European Parliament, under which the Council does not interfere in Parliament's budget, will need to be revised at a later date, and vice versa.
The damage to the luxury goods industry is only the tip of the iceberg and perhaps the least dangerous.
So we were able to follow up on the team's work on the ESB.
New technologies, in particular digital tachometers and smart cards that each individual truck driver inserts into the tachometer - could be the best way to regulate the timetable of car drivers on the road and at work.
Given the diversity of historical contexts, regulatory frameworks, type and number of reactors and approach to regulation in the various Member States, it would not be easy to harmonise the minimum requirements into a single common law.
It would be appropriate for the Bureau of the Presidency, Parliament and the Conference of Presidents to receive a detailed report on this failure of the system, since this is such a delicate matter.
And why do people who want to voluntarily prostitute themselves, even though prostitution is formally legal in many Member States, have to contend with the substantive ban on related activities and the subterfuge that actually criminalizes the practice of voluntary prostitution?
Like all the other Members of this Parliament and all European journalists, I have not been able to go to Jaffna recently, nor have I seen any television report on the Battle of Elephant Pass.
For all stadiums which have been converted to accommodate a sufficient number of visitors, UEFA has not only given the authorisation at the end of the procedure but has been involved in the material organisation of the stadium modification operations.
Unfortunately, the resolution under consideration was the spark that triggered a real challenge between Belgium and England, first within the PPE-DE group and then also in the Hemisphere.
You may choose to purchase alternative therapy instead of an overdose of cigarettes.
I urge governments to push for a halt to the authorization of new substances and to begin the gradual reduction of harmful substances by developing a replacement plan.
I shall give a concrete example: in the case of the fight against drug trafficking, Community action is based, inter alia, on texts relating to health, but also in this case the Member States, at the level of sports ministers, have set up a committee to examine the best legal basis on which the Commission can base the fight against drug trafficking.
Despite the fact that Sweden is part of the so-called vodka category with its own specific pattern of consumption, and despite the phenomena of domestic preparation and smuggling, overall alcohol harm incidence and social costs associated with it are lower, including everything from road accidents and accidents to alcohol-related diseases and deaths.
I believe it is important to divide up the tasks of assistance, to promote action against trafficking in women and to promote women's emancipation.
Let us put it this way: this situation is attributable to the fatal act of one man, his crony and his regime, namely Milosevic.
Monetary policy is certainly a lever capable of determining, for better or worse, a country's economic performance, but precisely for this reason the ECB must not be held liable, neither in the light of the Treaty nor in the light of the fundamentals of economic policy.
In particular, I was stunned and frightened by Mrs Randzio-Plath's proposal to enlist elementary school pupils as Sturmtruppen for this propaganda assault in favour of the euro.
The fact that the report on the Commission meeting in which the fine for the Fléchard case was reduced to zero is nothing more than a mockery.
I would like to express here my protest at the behaviour of the Dutch police towards some Italian journalists who were reliving the suffering of a group of disabled people who were carried on the couches because they did not have enough supplies.
It is therefore important that the necessary information is available - which will of course have to be broader than what we see today when countries roll out a new model for banknotes and coins.
Mr President, in my view the tone of this report is the wishes.
However, we are opposed to the establishment of a diplomatic school for staff training, which we mean more in the sense, for example, of supplementary training or some kind of on-the-job training.
The complexity of the matter and the brevity of the time allow me only to make a few summary statements, which I consider essential and which I hope will be taken into due consideration by the Commission.
I do not agree with this because communication is the old European model for television and cinema: direct public intervention with state-owned enterprises, aid, denial of the nature of the market which the audiovisual sector has increasingly adopted.
It is important if we are going to create a public service in Europe that operates in a fairly competitive environment - we are seeing this with the public service sector - and if we are going to support private audiovisual services at the same time.
The question is not whether Solana or any CFSP Mr will present annual communications to Parliament, but how the peoples of Europe will reclaim their destiny in order to intervene effectively and impose peace, solidarity and international cooperation based on mutual benefit.
Socialists deplore this kind of vote, more like Russian roulette than serious parliamentary work.
If he really wanted to fight doping, he would have done it already, but that is not good for the IOC, for international federations, for sponsors who invest in sports or for the pharmaceutical industry.
Or if agonistic sport isn't going back to being a fight between gladiators represented, this time, by automated men equipped with the latest biotechnology and cybertechnology and financed by political-financial interests.
It calls into question both the correctness and authenticity of the competition, while also endangering the athletes involved.
However, four weeks ago, President, near the Gare du Nord in Brussels, I crossed the road and immediately afterwards I had a tremor, because it was night, there was absolute silence and I saw a tram pass behind me in the utmost silence.
Science has always had two faces: what we discover can be used to our advantage or against us, forever: the wheel is used to move faster or to kill someone; the revolver is used to defend itself or to kill; the atomic energy is used to make us feel better or to create atomic bombs.
It was not for nothing that Dutch High Commissioner André Bolhuis called the Atlanta Olympics the Olympic War , probably inspired by the thousands of deployed police officers and the hostile atmosphere that the American public and media have created around foreign athletes .
The golden century of communist nomenclature has caused people in the former Soviet Union to be so despised and so little could be saved in present-day Russia that it has caused this terrible disaster.
Finally, I would like to point out once again to Parliament that we have not been left hand in hand with this doubt or this interpretative dispute on Eurodac: the Commission has already submitted a working document on the revision of the Dublin Convention which it has sent to the European Parliament.
We click the button, we move the mouse, we're conscious of the decision we're making.
For example, in relation to the subject at issue, an extensive hinterland which today is served by perhaps several different ports could be used to select only a few, with the consequence that only these would be given the volumes necessary for the most stringent eligibility requirements.
Commissioner, an impact statement is attached to this directive.
Is Afghanistan doomed to fall back into the darkness of another era, to suffocate slowly under the yoke of the Taliban, similar to what happens - as has been little recalled - to women under the weight of their veil?
Unfortunately, the rapporteur, Mrs Haug, has chosen a policy which only takes into account the supporters of a federal Europe, a policy which the rapporteur, like her predecessor Bourlanges, seeks to break through the financial ceiling.
We could mention those relating to the Canary Islands, the Azores and Madeira, and I would also like to mention the tax regime in force in France for rum from overseas departments.
In the Netherlands the discussion focused on the establishment of a European Food Safety Authority, a kind of European equivalent to the US FDA.
The objective must be to create a single payment area within which the same conditions and commissions for national transactions apply to crossborder payments.
It is not the A and Z of the Statute of this Charter.
During the 1990s a significant decrease in contributions penalized health insurance funds, resulting in a gradual introduction of a patient-burdening health contribution and a sharply declining preventive medicine throughout Europe.
The documents that came to light are a real smoking gun.
The Minister of Health, on the grounds that pills are not harmful and with the statement We cure cancers with marijuana, undermined the dignity of the individual by calling for the liberalization of drugs.
Dmitry Zavadskij, the Russian television operator who disappeared under mysterious circumstances from Minsk airport on 7 July and finally Jurij Karpenko, head of the Civil Party and former mayor of Molodechno, who died suddenly under mysterious circumstances in August 1999.
We have a directive on end-of-life vehicles.
A few weeks ago, western France was plagued by a new ecological disaster: the sinking of the chemicals-carrying tanker "Ivevoli Sun".
The current discussion on the symbols of the Russian state shows that in Russia there are multiple realities: the flag of Peter the Great next to the red flag of the Army, the double eagle of the Tsars as the state emblem next to the Stalinist national anthem.
The first part can be accepted, as with Amendment No 17; it cannot be the second part because the Aufsichtsrat, to put it in German, is included in the concept of administration and is subject to the same obligations for all business executives.
In fact, both in the secondary and the most important cases, we are aware that the Europe of Nice, conceived as a theoretically dynamic Europe, is permanently blocked for the reasons that Bourlanges perfectly invoked the day after the Nice Summit.
Harassment is a widespread practice designed to make them feel increasingly inadequate and to cause them to leave their workplace seemingly voluntarily.
Otherwise, as other speakers have already pointed out, it automatically means that we are asking the Commission to draw up provisions to prevent accidents due to the fact that pilots are forced to stay at checks for an excessive number of hours.
A car in the driver's license is not dangerous at all, but it becomes a weapon if used improperly.
You know that I have tabled an amendment which deals specifically with the issue of motorcyclists and safety barriers and I hope that tomorrow you and your group will support it, because I am also a motorcyclist and therefore I know the problem very well.
All this is certainly more difficult than repression, which consists, for example, of installing a detector in a car seat, at the end of a descent on a free three-lane highway!
Citizens need to understand the information, since for most of them just talking about watts doesn't mean anything.
Point 12 calls for and urges a reflection on how to identify specific VAT rules for the discharge of publications.
The opinions of this House will in fact be a valuable aid to the Commission in defining its strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit, a proposal which - I repeat - must be concrete, otherwise it will become a dead-end summit.
Irish stars Boyzone and Corrs have asked the European Parliament to protect their music in the age of the Internet.
But it is inconceivable to leave it to airline flight attendants to assess the need to protect a person.
In the medium term, the GUE/NGL Group is in favour of a radical reform of the common agricultural policy so that it does not drain the budget with unlawful support for agricultural trade, which is all about production and dangerous to both human health and the environment.
In my opinion, the recent incursions into Iraq are clear proof of this.
I believe that this is a hidden form of privatization of immigration procedures and, as other colleagues have pointed out, it places the responsibility of checking documents on control staff and drivers instead of leaving it to immigration officials who should be trained to operate in a non-racist and humane manner.
Madam President, I would like to congratulate the Swedish Presidency on the beautiful opening page.
A short mandatory meeting is therefore a minimum requirement, and close cooperation between the different groups of observers is equally necessary.
Will it be possible in the future to grant compulsory licenses, when, for example, on a known page a link can be created that automatically redirects to another page?
However, as from now on, the principal amounts of these same transactions will be considered as financial assets which will not be included in the calculation of the public debt.
We consider this competition to be extremely unfair to the media, and we believe that it would be much better to ensure cooperation and coordination that takes into account the competence of these organisations, as they have a great deal of experience in this field and a higher number of members.
As for the suggestion of lifting the moratorium on genetically modified crops, genetic transfer is now a matter of fact; in my country - Ireland - what hope do we have of protecting non-genetically modified crops from this kind of contamination?
We are talking, among other things, about cosmetics and not medicines; we are talking about shampoo and wrinkle cream, and as Mr Davies recently said, we are certainly not short of such products in stores.
The Commission and above all the Council itself tend to forget this and I have the impression that the Council is behaving a bit like the mafia leaders in the United States who are exchanging activities, instead of behaving like the responsible budgetary authority that the Council should be.
On page 41 of the explanatory memorandum it states that the discharge procedure should ideally end in a win-win situation where all the participants are the winners: the Commission which is monitored, as well as the Parliament which exercises control and, consequently, the taxpayers, of course, some of whom are present in the stands.
I am very pleased that he made sure that the final piece of the TEN puzzle was put in the right place.
It is therefore not a slip, but a precise campaign.
The Commission's measures are largely based on the UK system and allow for easier movement of dogs and cats within the European Union and from certain third countries, provided that the animals can be identified by an electronic chip or tattoo, that they have been vaccinated and that their immunity has been checked for more than six months prior to travel.
In the long term, therefore, we believe that the microchip system is preferable, but we must take into account the fact that national legislation in a number of Member States currently allows the use of tattoos.
And just in the last few days we have had a sad news: Brice Fleutiaux, the French journalist who had been held hostage for several months in Chechnya and for whom we had also intervened, was unable to overcome the depression caused by his detention and died.
The European Central Bank has always refused to lower interest rates because it is obsessed with the dangers of inflation, whenever possible, and the President of the Bundesbank recently recalled that the European Central Bank is not responsible for growth or employment.
The use of warning labels - which may even indicate comparisons, such as a glass of brandy is equivalent to three glasses of beer, if I understand Mrs Stihler's amendment - is in my opinion of little use.
It is also important to look closely at the restrictions proposed for sports fields, because there is a huge difference between a 90-minute football match - plus the break between the two times - and of course many companies ban alcohol on their fields, and a full-day cricket match, with the break for lunch and afternoon tea.
It's the first time I've heard that drinking while driving has become a crime punishable by a border violation!
The dramatic events of recent months in Palestine, the heroic revolt of the Palestinian people and the barbarity of Israeli repression have forced the European Parliament to adopt a resolution which highlights the responsibility of the State of Israel.
This sticker fits the Minister's suit.
We also call on the Commission, in cooperation with the automotive industry, to develop safer and easier-to-use life-saving pillows.
I would like to pay special tribute to Mrs Lindh, Minister for Foreign Affairs, who, in my view, has acted decisively, with the grace and charm that distinguishes her in carrying out all the activities of the Presidency.
Alternative standards operate fairly legally within the Internet, but they have relatively limited visibility and can be difficult to access, as most browsers obviously address server names linked to top-level domains authorized by ICANN.
With all due respect, his new panel of experts is composed mainly of old faces who have helped transfer power from the electorate and elected representatives to officials and ministers.
I wanted to use a euphemism and, as the Commissioner pointed out, it is difficult to do so in a language other than your own.
In addition to the natural disasters that hit Poland this summer, floods and tornadoes have caused serious material and human damage.
I was in Genoa in those days, and I witnessed the police off-road rushes and the police charges against peaceful courts, the launching of hundreds of tear gas at thousands of helpless people, including children and the disabled.
For the recipient, receiving an e-mail message is certainly more expensive than receiving leaflets and brochures on paper.
Firstly, the proponents of this theory already take into account the fact that there is a significant percentage of bad companies that ruin everything and, secondly, it is possible that from the point of view of marketing technique it is right for me to receive information about baby clothes, but I do not want to download at my expense on my screen offers of diapers or skirts.
Only prevention through information campaigns and clear explanation of the irreversible consequences of this practice will enable it to be eradicated, campaigns launched by NGOs, with the support of governments and the strong support of leaders, especially religious leaders, education campaigns in schools aimed at children, as the First Lady of Burkina Faso told us today, with satisfactory results.
As you know, I was born in a country that knows what terrorism is, with its 65,000 deaths - I would like to remind you that the suicide terrorists of the LTT in Sri Lanka are not Muslims - but until now the world has closed its eyes to 23 years of terrorism.
Mr President, as some colleagues have already said, the point is to avoid the concept of public intervention in the economy.
We know that the question of translating through a bridge or a passing language sometimes creates problems.
With regard to optical radiation, industrial lasers were still in the embryonic stage when the original proposal was submitted; they are now widely used and there is a need to update and issue legislation on the subject at European level on fields and waves.
It has been pointed out that a normal person engaged in racing exceeds the limit of a factor of seven or eight and even walking down the street could violate the rules.
They're restaurants, souvenir shops and fashion stores.
With the representatives of Heads of State and Prime Ministers, a method that recalls the secret diplomacy of the 19th century has returned.
He can no longer continue to deny that Christians of Assyrian, Chaldean and Syrian nationality were also victims of a genocide that killed hundreds of thousands, following a fatwa calling for holy war against Christians issued by the highest Muslim authority in 1914.
This directive was accompanied by a major propaganda campaign aimed at protecting the interests of the forensic profession and not, I regret to say, the rights of the individual.
Such an opt-out system costs neither money nor effort, as with a simple mouse click you can delete the unwanted message.
We are talking, colleague Lange, of a White Paper, but of a White Paper that gives a first profile of what we think, and we of the PPE, when we express our thoughts, we also like to be consistent.
In this connection, the President stated that the question of the composition of the Presidency or the direction of the Convention remained open.
In fact, the Committee on Industry, Foreign Trade, Research and Energy would like to suggest to the European Commission that it raise a candle and speed up its implementation.
Whoever, by playing the wizard apprentice, should get rich in this way, one day should pay copyright to the Creator.
Because that's what homosexuals and lesbians are -- they're men and women just like everyone else, that society's fear of their sex lives has turned into special cases.
The European Council has decided to set up a forum and Commissioner Barnier has repeatedly expressed his support.
It is clear that all the necessary safeguards must be put in place to ensure that those guilty of illegal activities, fraud, extortion and other offences prejudicial to the Community's financial interests are excluded from public procurement.
The murder of journalist Veronica Guerin in my country has galvanized politicians and the police by triggering an initiative that has brought to its knees the savage bandit culture in Ireland.
We are very late, and the persistence of this palette of regulations creates barriers that impose serious costs on European citizens.
It is well known, for example, that the Scottish whisky industry relies heavily on rail transport to send pure malt and blended scotch to the European market.
In conclusion, we are in favour of an opening that would stimulate postal services, but we do not want to throw the baby in the bathroom water.
Mr President, as a matter of course, I would like to inform you that the Irish have just won the first race at Cheltenham.
Mr President, I am wearing my Irish scarf today.
I must tell you that the last time that discretionary controls were carried out was at the Barcelona European Council, to prevent the streets of the city from turning into a battlefield like Genoa.
What has been developed for an organisation with a sophisticated degree of technology cannot be adapted to the Joe's Café on Lewisham High Street or the Jean Dupont hostel on Marseille's rue de la Révolution.
In 2006, the new regulation under discussion today will make motorcycles and motorcycles as environmentally friendly as a modern car registered in accordance with Euro III.
I believe that both the Commission proposal and Parliament's report are a further contribution to strengthening the internal financial market, streamlining cross-border activity and improving the harmonization of the matter, which depends in all respects on citizens' confidence and is important for transparency.
He was a sailor, and I saw him in my dream tonight, with his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, driving a sailboat in a stormy sea.
You also have admirers in the visitors' stands but unfortunately they are not allowed to applaud, unlike the Members in the House who are allowed to do so.
Ninety percent of my visitor groups don't speak French, but if we go to see, for example, the evacuation plans shown on each totem, so to use our slang expression, these are only in French.
In other words, without having to rely on black studies, we are starting from the fact that these products - which are bought daily by men and women, especially from the poorest sections of the population - such as jeans, shirts, polo, tennis shoes and similar articles, are sold outside the Union by producers of those same brands, with the same quality standards, at half the price or even less.
The American president hasn't given up on any of his plans, but maybe he's starting to realize that international political life isn't a western where he can play the part of the sheriff.
Otherwise, we are only legitimizing unbridled Western violence in other parts of the world, for example the massacre of Palestinians by Israel or the Russian intervention in Georgia.
In view of this, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, may I remind you that at the Copenhagen meeting which we were kindly invited to, you spoke of three stages of the Danish Presidency: the first was not up to you, but the Irish referendum, that is, the end of this year's election campaign, proves that it was finally overcome.
Special charter flights are used for mass deportation and there is no subsequent procedure to follow their destination after their return to their country of origin.
In fact, the rapporteur puts in a single blender ingredients too different and too distant from each other for a digestible, harmonious result to emerge, with a line to be proposed for acceptance by all Member States: a line containing common and shared principles to inspire regulations and behaviour in the commitment to guarantee the fundamental rights of all citizens.
I am afraid that, in the absence of an ambitious policy on railway infrastructure, the opening-up efforts that we are engaged in will lead to a barrier between railway companies rather than an end to the predominance of rubber transport.
I should like to remind you that, apart from its natural appeal as a direct vertical line of connections from Northern Europe to the Mediterranean, in recent history the transits to the Brennero - then to Austria, but also to Italy - have increased steadily for very long periods, because of the closure of Monte Bianco first, the Gottardo later and the chronic crises of the Fréjus and other Swiss valleys.
It is not the Presidency's fault that five days later the Spanish Prime Minister Aznar or Anzar, as his friend Bush likes to call him, broke the agreement and moved away from the common position of the European Union to meet the American President in his office and contribute to drafting a Security Council resolution declaring war on Iraq.
This is part of a well-established culture among young people whose motto is: "It's nice to let go on weekends, but get up early again on Monday morning".
Amman was chosen as a regional hub for this crisis because the local office has sufficient human and logistical resources to respond immediately to the new needs in the sector.
Decades later, when the Warsaw Pact was still in force, the citizens of East Germany took part in a pan-European campaign on Lake Fertö Tó, or the Neusiedler See, before setting off on the road to freedom, and the border guards set themselves aside and let them through.
In addition, even cogeneration units with a production of more than 50 megawatts must be in the highest range of EU aid.
I voted against the García-Margallo y Marfil report because it is an ultra-liberal pamphlet which says that the broad guidelines for economic policies are fundamentally insufficient.
In my view, this is not the time to transfer American bad taste to the European Union and to become even more grotesque than we have been on the Iraq issue.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, when the famous Swedish golfer Annika Sörenstam expressed her desire to compete with men in the American professional tournament, the male players were frightened.
In the camps guarded by the capos Berlusconi was talking about?
This town has become the rock capital of Sweden!
We are all very familiar with counterfeit and cheaply sold watches and t-shirts, imitations of jeans, handbags and many other products.
Who today can still make a stew, gnocchi, or potato puree?
Unfortunately, though, the director is a little weak and the actors aren't exceptional.
Last year, funding for the tidal wave had been withdrawn from other programmes for Asia without any increase and this year, as funding for the tidal wave decreased, the Commission has again reduced the funds.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October, which reported the closure of a personal Internet page created by a prominent Tibetan intellectual named Woeser.
Mortgage intermediaries could play an important role in helping borrowers access mortgages from national and non-national borrowers.
She gave up a very lucrative career at the Bolshoi to rebuild the Georgian dance corps from scratch, which today is of the highest standard, perhaps one of the best in our region, and soon will be performing around the world.
This means that the work programme should have announced the final shot, aimed high and promised speed.
Why does the Stern report show a hockey stick-like chart of global warming -- a steady increase over a period of 2,000 years -- when in fact temperatures in the 14th and 15th centuries were higher than they are now?
That is why the contributions of the honourable Titford and Heaton-Harris are misleading, because they aim to alarm British newspapers.
The second reason is deforestation, in particular the authorized clearing of river valleys for the construction of holiday cottages, for example, but also of industrial establishments and shopping centres.
In such a context, I am very grateful to the Commission and the Council for assuring the consumers of prepackaged bread in the United Kingdom - that is, over 80% of regular bread consumers - that the traditional formats of loaf, which they considered threatened by this proposal, will be guaranteed and that no one will deprive them of the pleasure of consuming slices of toasted bread with arsenic jam in the traditional prepackaged bread form every morning.
Let me recall the arctic night of January 1968, still in the Cold War era - in fact, the facts of this story look like an international yellow.
Radio Caracas TV will be able to broadcast via cable, satellite, network and so those who claim that this is an act hostile to freedom of expression know how to lie.
(DE) Mr President, when we received reports of toxic substances in infant carriages, in clothing and children's toys, or in self-inflammable batteries, we realized that our control and verification system was not working properly.
According to a report by the International Trade Union Confederation, companies producing accessories for the upcoming Olympics are constantly violating labor laws by exploiting children as slaves.
We know that we must also take into account discrimination within the local socio-economic context, which is unfavorable to women, especially to indigenous women, who live in extreme poverty and economic dependency, all of which is exacerbated by the problem of gang activity.
Similarly, long barefoot stops on icy floors are often the direct consequence of shoe removal before passing through the metal detector.
Perhaps it is more interesting for some to know that without fungicides and herbicides to protect and treat diseases in the beautiful grassy huts, many golf and bowling fields would be infested with weeds and thus become impractical.
The first is, of course, that this statistical topic is not very attractive and is always on the agenda.
If we really want to combat childhood obesity seriously, if we really want to improve children's health and if we really want to take them away from video games and get them into sports, then we also need to provide better facilities for physical education in all schools and ensure that teachers have the expertise to teach the subject.
Research to identify telecommunications systems that do not go so easily to a halt after an earthquake and research to discover special equipment to locate and extract victims from the rubble are other areas where research can make a large and very fruitful contribution.
The ball game started using the metric system years ago.
Since the couple is under house arrest, they used a camera link to attend a European Parliament hearing on the human rights situation in China.
I must say, Mr Nassauer, that if a year ago you had asked me if I thought we could reach a comprehensive agreement on environmental protection in criminal matters, with Mr Nassauer as rapporteur and at first reading, I probably would not have believed it.
Lithuanian authorities now cite his memoirs as evidence to prosecute surviving Jewish partisans as war criminals, including people like Yitzhak Arad, former director of the Israel Holocaust Center, and Fania Brancovskaja, librarian at the Yiddish Institute at Vilnius University.
In addition, that supermarket intends to convert food waste through anaerobic fermentation, reduce the number of materials used in packaging to only four easy-to-recycle or organic-composite materials and print elementary symbols on all packaging to make it easier for customers to recycle or compost their own waste.
Currently, bathing in the only river swamps in Hungary is only recommended if you wear one of the clothes shown in the photographs distributed to Members, which are also depicted on brochures and posters.
We must therefore have an adequate policy at European level, which can make the most of this resource, which can in short make Europe a guide and not an assembler of many national policies.
In recent years there have been revolutionary changes in communications technology: mobile phones and the development of wireless and internet networks have dramatically changed the face of telecommunications.
In order to improve maternal health in developing countries, the European Union must condemn the U.S. global silence rule, as well as the prohibition on the use of contraceptives supported by some churches.
Private equity funds are linked to a very high number of leveraged buyouts that have been carried out virtually without equity.
But the good or bad quality of a blog depends on its author, and not all bloggers are equally honest in their intentions.
The report includes many improvements, including the following: European number 116 will no longer only be used for missing children, there will be greater transparency in contracts and prices, it will be easier and faster to close a contract, all users will have easier access to protection software, the disabled will be guaranteed equal access and unwanted messages will be defined more precisely.
Each year more than 400 000 young people are added to the long list of those who are destined to learn about the upsetting effects of diets.
The real proof of a currency's success is the degree of confidence in the market, measured in this case by the difference in the yield of government bonds between the euro countries.
The amendments are good, but their implementation requires a harmonized process; therefore, I urge the Commission once again to take action in this regard.
Basically, all we would do is tell car designers to sit in front of their computers to design and build the cars of the future.
So not only this, but our Parliament has also made sure that the national strategic documents do not deprive development resources for security operations.
(DE) Madam President, the Irish meat scandal has had repercussions in Europe and in Austria where, as a result of the scandal, this meat has been strangely reviewed as Tyrolean speck.
The fight against illegal immigration cannot be fought only in the London or Madrid subway, but also in the staff offices of the many companies that engage in illegal labour in order to exploit it without recognizing their rights.
A computer game can't replace a conversation with your grandmother, and controls can't be worth an hour spent with your grandfather in the garage.
It was an act of acceptance of an ideology from the dark ages, and apparently we do not enjoy the free flow of ideas within the European Union.
I therefore propose that the national governments, through the nationalization of their national banks, become promoters of money printing, or money-equivalent bonds, to finance small businesses.
Documents that cannot be consulted: for example, on the Holocaust of Italian prisoners of war, who were subjected to brainwashing attempts, were kept without food, much worse than in Nazi camps, died in a thousand sufferings and under torture, even psychological, by Soviet communist agitators but unfortunately also by Italian communists.
(FR) Mr President, I regret to note that the oral question with discussion of rosé wines and authorized oenological practices tabled within the deadlines by me and other honourable colleagues from various political groups is not on the agenda this week.
The maximum gross roaming charges for data transfer have been reduced to 50 cents per megabyte to encourage the use of this service and fair competition in the sector.
The Commission is also developing a multimedia campaign for young people in all Member States, involving multipliers through online social media, blogs and online periodicals.
I'll start with a leap backwards that takes you back to 1933.
That is why I have an obligation to urge you once again urgently, as the Foreign Affairs Committee has pointed out, not to confuse the question of the civilian use of nuclear energy with a resurgence of nuclear disarmament potential.
Madam President, a couple of weeks ago I was eating one of my favorite curry dishes in the village of Long Buckby, near where I live, with a group of people new to politics with whom I had a political discussion. 
If I may say it all, this was the drop that caused the glass to overflow, reminding us of the water that had already been authorized for the cutting of wines, as well as wines made from wood chips instead of bottled wines and wines made from imported must.
Since then, Madagascar has been plagued by unstable governments with threats of secession and prosecution that call for a summary policy.
In my constituency, there is a successful company, Austria Email AG, which produces electric boilers.
Internet users in these countries will be able to read 20 percent of e-books for free (the costs will be covered by advertisers) and will have to pay to read the remaining 80 percent.
New rules are in place for Wi-Fi users to pay for the connection, for which they must provide an e-mail address where they receive a username and password.
The European Commission, which this Parliament voted yesterday, is also made up of Communists, former officials of brutal Communist regimes in Eastern Europe and their travel companions.
Subject: Consumer choice and smart phone technology
(FR) Mr President, this Parliament has a particular talent when it comes to reforms of the Rules of Procedure, which are always aimed at reducing the rights of minorities, disadvantaged or inferior to say the least, which we are to a certain extent.
The truth is that the Spanish housing bubble was blown up by the crisis, and it is difficult for me to see a case of adaptation to globalization. If we look at the projects financed (e.g. 57 entrepreneurship grants of 3 000 euros each, for a total of 171 000 euros, 16 training workshops combined with vocational training, at a cost of 12 500 euros each, for a total of 200 000 euros, etc.), where is the adaptation to globalization?
The word kaputt is understandable in every language!
Therefore, ladies and gentlemen, at a time when the governments of the European Union are making substantial budget cuts, progressively reducing public services and supporting households and businesses, we cannot pursue a banking culture that puts bankers' salaries and benefits first rather than the support for wealth and credit for Europe's economic recovery.
Proving ahead of time what will happen in 2080 as a result of these activities can only serve as a warning to stop the countdown of environmental disasters around the world, no one excluded, including us.
The Council's proposed cuts, often made indiscriminately, and on key budget lines, such as those under heading 2, were therefore eliminated, making clear the lack of clear and reasoned policy choices behind the proposal.
As regards the safeguarding of small and mediumsized enterprises and their national products, it is not the large groups that need such protection, and I do not think they need it at all, since they are trademarked around the world.
Mr President, as an Irish Member, I listen reluctantly to the speeches made this morning by almost all speakers on the economic situation in Ireland, especially when we consider that a few years ago we were seen as symbols of economic success in the European Union.
I would also like to reiterate here the importance of introducing a common local network portal so that civil defenders can exchange all information.
To date, new candidate vaccines of recent development are still in preclinical or early clinical trials.
In 2010, following the AIFM Directive, one in four hedge funds left the City of London.
There is currently a surge in sales of compact sand and shale gas from the United States.
With regard to the scope, recalling that each nuclear power plant has its own specificities, the assessment could concern the following key areas: flood risk, systemic risk, copying systems and emergency procedures.
People tortured as brutally as possible to reveal their Facebook access keys and the names of their Facebook colleagues.
Europe seems to me to be that football team that is losing 2-0 and whose players think they can recover without moving the ball and trying to network themselves.
I know that there is a compromise and since we are waiting for the results of the IGC to give us a better definition of committees, I think it is important that Parliament reaffirms its willingness to oppose committees 3A and in particular in this area, where - Mr Kouchner rightly said - there is urgency, and it is necessary for the Commission to have its hands free and decide more flexibly than the Council imposes on us today.
The public authorities, led by the first Prosecutor of the Republic, Helmut Meier-Staude, stimulated the demand for plutonium so that they could then speak in alarmist tones of a plutonium market and play the role of superheroes against crime.
On the contrary, a failure or a minimal outcome of this conference would lead Europe into a reverse domino effect, in which the introduction of the single currency would be implemented under the worst psychological conditions and would be completely out of step with the expectations of the citizens.
I do not believe that typical products should be a signature to be used only at conferences, but they express a vast wealth of knowledge and professionalism in all European agriculture.
You know very well that appeals from the avenue Saint-Germain in Paris or from this halfway house will not save the life of a single Algerian.
Then you completely neglect what I would call the internal and external problem.
I call on Parliament to convey its condolences to the families of Captain Danny ODriscoll, who died in the accident, and to the village of Castletownbear.
On the contrary, the situation has been experienced by the street man as the economic horror that gives the title to a recent and famous French hit book.
The Council assumes that this provisional legislative body shall be replaced as soon as possible after the transfer of sovereignty by a permanent legislative body elected in accordance with the principles laid down in the Constitution, the fundamental law.
This is not good for me, because it opens the way to interpretations that could prove extremely dangerous for both sexes: someone could, for example, establish that women cannot be police officers and men cannot be nannies.
Refusing today to recognize the potential of practices such as homeopathy, chiropractic, osteopathy, acupuncture and shiatsu is both anachronistic and useless.
These pressures must be directed at technical improvements and technology transfers, since countries with some development delays have a worrying percentage of accidents and disadvantages.
I am referring to practical examples, and everyone at the Kyoto Conference should ask the Americans whether they should stop it. I have been told from many places that in many large offices employees wear sweaters in the summer because the air conditioning system is poorly regulated.
This Guarantee Fund, which would act as a starting point, would enable investment in a risky sector to be encouraged without, however, stressing once again, burdening the EU budget.
We have emphasized the priorities which have always been set - the role of small and mediumsized enterprises, the role of training, the role of equal opportunities in employment policies - and which correspond exactly to the guidelines to which the individual Member States have committed themselves in preparing their employment plans.
I saw the first drafts in Austria and was quite surprised that on one face the euro is written euro, but on the cent the eurocent is written eurocent.
The Americans are complaining that we do not allow the free circulation of Californian champagne, Californian claret or Californian sherry in the European Union and so on - which is quite right, one might object, since after all these are very dear names to us.
There are, in fact, those who are fond of the false asylum application who, if rejected by one state, are able to try their luck in all others, in succession, trying to take advantage of a possible weakness.
In view of the content of some of today's interventions, we appear to be a kind of grand jury against these countries.
Women - the Committee on Women's Rights is perfectly right - are in a difficult situation: first work and then the desire for a child.
In addition to the situations mentioned by Mrs Oddy, for example, the issue of tele-promotion must be addressed.
That is why my group would have liked to talk about Cuba, where there are more than 500 political prisoners, but Parliament continues to debate with the leader maximal on the basis of a sense of solidarity that is completely out of place.
In one scene, Eric Morecambe produced completely unarticulated sounds.
Neither the European cause nor our country is noble from this script .
It makes no sense to pursue an environment policy with perfect calmness if we believe that unemployment is the main problem and that our economic systems are no longer able to solve it.
Strudel, you know, comes from Turkey, through Hungary, through Bohemia, all the way to Austria.
The more the poor are in the cities and suburbs, which we often call slums, the greater the insecurity and the more police or law enforcement are employed, which is also expensive.
The situation has changed: Today books are much cheaper, and in so-called modern department stores you can find virtually any book.
The question is whether the European libraries of the future should have only successful American books in economical editions.
For the first time, we are going to finance a European jazz orchestra, the European Youth Jazz Swinging Europe, whose institution I also welcome.
I must say that we were favored partly by an Austrian Presidency which was going to move in the direction desired by Parliament, partly by the Commissioner, Mrs Cresson, who was naturally one of our supporters, since Parliament's proposal coincided with that of the Commission.
Some honourable Members argue that we should have taken up the role of the Council, exposed its fraud and maintained the strategic amendment.
Their threats are already causing serious damage to Kashmir clothing manufacturers, who are entirely innocent in this dispute and risk losing about £20 million in export orders and perhaps 1,000 jobs.
To save some ridiculous bytes in management software, two generations of programmers deliberately ignored the millennium shift.
But dialogue cannot mean ownership: Members cannot be considered as the witch of products on the shelves of the political supermarket, for sale to the highest bidder.
During this World Cup, ladies and gentlemen, thousands of little Zidane, little Marcel Dessailly, came from the people's districts of Marseille, Toulouse and Strasbourg to applaud the achievements of the great Zidane, the great Dessailly, but also the great Owen, the great Beckam and the great Del Piero.