In the U.S., the current system, many of the existing counties call them swing states or they're counties, they're voters
Or whatever the problem we tell you before the news of the discussion over pass and the importance of them, good news in Doha
The disruption of social media news and communication people were discussing, this is important.
1 and this method of cooling and grinding the meat becomes the means of grinding, we call salt contamination<.
It's good. There's a lot of debate about election scams.
We're in a refugee camp. We have everything in common. Or it's hard enough after everything else has passed away like we did, how hard it hasn't been.
They called Riza, the god of their house, a clock, and said to come on July 4th, we weren't devastated enough.
She will be mourning her grandfather, a steak cook
This toy emblem is IKEA's
It's early eve, I'll pick up the phone for the sky you saw.
Now I'm going to do it, so I can see a few more.
It's all printed -- that's up to a few moons, up to a dozen moons.
So far, they've printed them all out.
Yes, by God. So I can't have you see the time when I've given us a drink.
The defense is overwhelming and he said with God we will do nothing else, and he said we are doing our best to get the job done --
Three or four of us were sued for our work.
It's a beautiful thing in itself so it's a part of being alone with them that the little ones are also beautiful and
Sometimes, <text sub="clublinks" start with text messages from my father on the phone. </text>
It's true. Everyone has chickens, there's a community, there's a church, there's enough of us, my family is here.
Many of our employees are working with us, our actions are Arabic. You see when they come and learn to speak.
The child matches with him in sweetness and beauty.
She's ready. We haven't eaten yet, she'll take a snack and then we'll eat.
It's true, it's true. What are we supposed to do? You gave up your seat, what did you do, what did you call the school?
That cake is the back of the chicken you didn't come to sooner, we planted bacon, bacon and so on.
They're organic, we eat our parsley, we make it two days. I grow it
A topic ^ a topic that we will make volleyball is even more interesting, the nation is talking about volleyball.
Children can get away with it. Volleyball will be taught to help the nation.
Let's buy ourselves a ball, get our net, let's go.
And I'll tell you the power of two kilos is full of this little red glass.
My sister lives in Texas, and I've got my house there, my kids are here, and I'm going to come with a green card.
Is this not Google's?
Yes he is a Bedel Bosel for Google
I don't have a job, I have a truck looking for my job.
Box trucks, they call these trucks in Turkey.
And then I say I'm a contributor to the application.
With God there was a positive effect of a mother, I don't know some of the fears
There was no snow, no snow, no snow, no snow, no snow, no snow.
And then we're going, they're putting their car in front of the door and they're loading it with a forklifts.
We have no contact with humans, it has no adverse effect on our health.
Yes. You see, how are you? You worked at the university, right?
College -- does college give you this opportunity?
Thank you very much, with my god and my daughter Arya, we have come to the park.
Hey, let's see. That's what it's like.
This is our home state of Indiana now it's
He says, "I'm a crownless crown -- yes, I'm a son of such things".
middle school, or as we call middle school
It's almost as if I don't know what it means to be a prisoner, a Latin.
Yes, she also wants to learn Spanish.
And I say above all, you should do your Kurmancy well.
or IU somewhat like what they call a hybrid
Isn't that right? ours will be a hybrid.
Here the lesson is for some sections, i.e. it is possible that most of them are undergraduated as well
We can call it a coastline, a coastline.
She also praised her suggestion.
But we don't accept it. But the front room is empty, and it's forbidden.
Oh. Isn't that what this island looks like, is it halfway in the water?
It's an island, yes, an island -- an island. You go by car, you go on a boat, you go by car, you go to the island.
Renas said I was looking for him in Remezan, he said I was working.
As late as the city center your neighbor came, I said I'll come to you but come in that leather
There's Montrose Park. We came here from there and went home again, we went to the city center in the sunset.
It's not about the night, the wait, the night.
I'm afraid Solin's wife is going to be a big problem, so get her a little piece of cake
Or in a big meeting so that the speakers say this but we also call it normal.
Don't you go north?
He said, "It's what the ten virgins say".
We're going to our teacher's ewk in the park.
And a gogling climb, made of goat.
No, this one is made, this one is in the olympic -- the olympic standard.
Bahadine says we want to go with the gogling and Jian wants to come.
A Baha'i student can't do anything with his chick.
Coach -- you do that gogling coach, they get a lot of money, you know?
Is there one at the University of Chicago?
If you have a certificate, you can do it
You know, you get a lot of money, you know.
Yes, you're right. Yes, it's American and ugly.
What did your teacher do? You found yourself in a house in Ewig, it was Queensey, what was his name outside the city?
Queensey is a four-hour drive from Queensey.
We also said we are Turkish then I don't know the color
Their Indian, we put ourselves in the hole. He didn't like us in it
Yaw a mother there we gave up a little bit, we got democracy here, I don't know what there is, but there is a difference here and there
If I don't go north soon, I can get Jia, then go. Let's talk about what happened.
It's not good, it's good with God teacher Yi Jian, what will she do after school, this semester?
If he doesn't stay here, he'll have a coach somewhere, he'll be there.
He will lead, he will run the lab.
The lab will develop some of her traditional skills, she will be good at school at that age, she will be good at things.
It's true it's true Do you go to our gym sometimes, gym?
They went around Denver, they went to the Rocky Mountains.
They're in the gym, they're in the gym, they're in the gym.
Yaw we went to the top of the mountain in the Rocky Mountains, National Park.
It was a two-day road trip.
We stayed in the Rocky Mountains for two days, then went to
Oh, my God -- When you went to the Rocky Mountains, Wyoming, I saw a picture of me.
We went two-thirds of the way to the National Park, the Rocky Mountains were very nice.
I didn't see my bike. But I saw my bike over the Rocky Mountains".
I was going to the National Park.
in wa national park one very many
The name of the mountain was Mount Rushmore.
There were a lot of people there for the Fourth of July, it was very crowded.
No, we were going to Crazy Horse.
Ooh, your best friend doesn't have one, and I think you understand madras.
It was nice, maybe we want to go again or corona
I'm afraid, I said maybe it was going to be a storm, but it didn't.
We said they might see the winds
No, it didn't happen, so I watched the news today, it might be rainy.
They were waiting for her, and I thought the weather was good too.
What's the matter with you? What's the matter with you?
Here yaw now the weather was good today.
That's not yaw. One here is ewik, for example, near the ocean.
Chunky Osman told me that he saw a brick-and-mortar shop, he saw Emrah's herald.
This is an Amazon Web Service, I'll give it a try.
There are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos, there are videos.
She had a learning disability.
Selah's and it's the same, for example, cloud partitioner, for example, ey dabilyu es, Amazon web service
There are about a dozen servers, cloud partitioner he and Bahoz distand, he is a startup.
For example, you don't have to have a beginner, you can start a middle level. Mine has started a middle level, you don't have to have a beginner. I can get a beginner, it is.
One of the Amazon owners has my own documentation, and it's very well described.
You're only making money on the head, that's all.
I don't know if it's a few hours or seven.
Ask a question about the scenario.
If you don't want to make a small amount of money, you have to make a small amount of money for a small company, for example, there is a difficult Question scenario.
For example, EC two stands for what an example where you almost never see an elastic compute cloud pass through.
Checo Checo is a heckler, a mother does what she has learned.
It's a good credit for, for example, showing off your shortcuts, for example, many companies are doing it, shortcuts are making you crazy.
You're going to a new state, and I'm going near the city center, which is the time, right?
Yes, yes. But I didn't know you had a background, it was very good, I didn't know.
I'm fine, who is this? What's up?
The autumn was good, it was good.
Bahaddin, what is this? What is this phone?
You can go to Seattle at the end of the week.
What do you say to her, the Englishman's family man.
I will send you the letter wherever I go.
I don't know how many people are flying
What is a containercontainer?
large, long load
It's embarrassing, maybe he'll be without it
There's no such thing as a no-no virus.
of Proper Doctoring
I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own I've got my own
If he is saved, if he finds the money, where is your office, so where is your company?
No, they hate her
We will ensure the safety of life.
and given meaning you
wanting to be a mother, wanting to be a child, wanting to be a life assurance
He is the reason why they are making our request.
You say an Indian or Indian request or
Yes, we can only buy twenty-five pounds of corn.
But the child's sexual orientation is arbitrary, that is, they do not come.
death in the name of a well-preserved death or in the name of a valley
The cheese, with spinach and other ingredients, is rolled in size and the sauce will be rolled in cream sauce.
She's a mother.
Yes, with the god of bread ha lo we are the white one and the black one we are making a doughnut.
Our side, which is from our homeland like Arabian, is across the Middle East from the white one, but the American one is
says purple
The key wa is the key wa of the girl who walks in the dark with a black eye.
I'm with you -- you
It is a remote, home-based information technology.
be a U.S. citizen.
One day he went to the temple, one day he is at home. But I don't know if his internet is not good, I don't know what his problem is.
I'm going to teach you about the mirror, we're all going to work on it, information technology is working on it,
What is Tactical and Iranian interpretation of Tehran?
He says we should teach them the Cyrillic alphabet, because we can read signs.
Who has the Cyrillic alphabet, Hindustan or the Indian alphabet?
It's not illegal there, people go there for a long time.
You can't ask questions but we have another tool called The Question Answer if you have a question
or you keep talking, you keep talking, you can talk.
What is it like to work at the time of the event or after the event?
If you have a question, we have our working hours, like yesterday
Does he answer the same teacher or does he have an assistant?
He has an assistant.
He has an assistant and like others, we also see things from a related course, we see things from a re-registration, they call FA skills.
Yes, of course, we have no objection to the fact that they do not have the true faith.
Chunky this school that we are studying in the school is in the university
What she doesn't have a major, she doesn't have a school.
We have a lot of tools we will use them, if you get their credentials yourself, we get their credentials now.
For example, if you get a Java certificate or a C certificate, it means you know Java.
In other words, the situation in Karachi is not really good.
Or the girl's condition is not good so far.
Yes, there are currently sixty-five, forty miles of us in Midyad and Nisbin.
I couldn't do much of the hard work.
There is a nineteen-minute drive to the courtyard, nine
says, in Turkish they say, badincan kebabı, kebab bacan siyah if you say, in Kurdish --
For example, you say water is water and then water is water and then I say water is water
One is a mopona coupon
Buy a pizza, it costs you as much as a coupon.
Do you know how hard things are here?
Engineer we say, I don't think it is.
Amazon club, I don't know if I'm saying anything weird.
Tell me I'm going to get a job, tell me I'm going to do it, tell me until I get there
The musician, did you already have a record player?
I don't know where the auction was that day, in England, or France.
A mother, they have to come back. When they come back, they have to take it off, just like you say, and make it happen.
Or with God these four four five animals, as you say, are not Bahá'ís.
There are two or three places to go, or two or three places to go, or to go to the bathroom.
"I don't know if it's true, but God knows it's possible. What are you still doing in your own town?"
But it has a Monroe County theme, under Bloomington.
Your county's issue is where you live, under that, under Monroe County.
Or as a roommate
Doesn't it make sense for any roommates, I mean for a room?
So how are you as a student, how are you?
I've almost finished political science, I have four subjects, I'll give them four subjects.
I gave up Political Science and said that I don't need it, I want to talk about language
He studied for his master's degree in international studies at the university.
I've done this now in my grief, that is, I've done it in my grief over Belochi, I
He is my blood, and you are my blood, and I am my blood, and you are my blood, and I am my blood.
their order
Bahdini is like him, you saw him call it a mouthful
In English, it is called a verbal query
message from
about its phonetics, about its voting
Yes, if you ask about transcription, transcription is very important brother.
What is transcription knowing, right?
I'm afraid I'm going to get a green card next year.
I'm going to see if she's doing a chiito, or if she's looking for an official.
My calculation is that some of them are taking this lesson, hybrid hybrid
Either I fight the nation or she wants to be eaten or she wants to be eaten.
They say Washington island, it's an island, yes.
Good. For example, where I say island or on the island, where I can say Gulistan
And in the water, can you make an example of a mountaineer, get into them?
Yaw, I really wanted to do mountaineering, you saw that we had a map, there was a skylight.
Yes, he had the map with us.
There was a map, and my mother told me to come here and we stayed there.
He ran the bike, asked me on the phone how far we were from the ferry, and asked me to go hiking in one place.
I've seen it on the map.
Yes, but we still haven't been able to tell you that we had a good swimming pool at the entrance to the great valley.
It's not big. I think maybe it's the map -- I think maybe it's the old map that you gave us.
There was another sea, I forgot its name, or there was another sea, another sea, another sea, into which you turned.
Or I think the map that he gave us, I think it was old, maybe he didn't see the trailer for us.
We haven't seen it where we say mountaineering is included, I say it may also be in the valley.
What do we say with God so far, that heaven is coming, the good which is in the sugar in the garlic?
She says the series dubbed apple is her name.
In Kurdish or in English, in which language the same name is dubbed apple.
Sometimes it's tough and I'm going to pull the doubles from the apple tree, I don't know if it's tough or it's going to go wrong in the process.
I work out at home on my own.
I actually have an app.
I'm not going to work out.
For example, I do most of the chickens, squats, and wheelie.
I also do cinema but most of the time I squat and do them, they too
This is an app called this workout. You can do it yourself.
I work for them because of unemployment.
Or do you say the day you were born?
I'm looking forward to my work.
They're not good at all.
Yes, the current example has sometimes progressed with a complicated fabrication.
Or does it sometimes come out of the hand like an automatic?
He'll finish the line.
She's doing her job.
Those cases, wake up.
We call it kayran, we call it shoobe in Kurmanji.
Disease for ewk is called Disease
Yes, I'm a little scared of this job.
An assistant researcher or a university professor
He offered me a job, told me to get a job, and if you want to go there, I was at home.
It's like the end of the seventh, it's like Saturday, it's like Sunday, it's like the Indian Gulf.
I mean, it's the same thing. I'll say that maybe some of them are sitting in the line for an hour, I know the food.
It's not cheap, it's called an outlet and it's not cheap.
Now it's an outlet or it's an outlet or it's more and more expensive, you know?
It's hard to buy, it's not like an outlet.
There is a grocery store there, who sells groceries.
There are twenty-five with God; Aha says there are twenty-five.
It's in the south-south of the Sophie Hotel, it's on Garfield.
Ow, that's five you're on the east side or on the sea side, where he has Kimbark, he ^
You're there, you're there, you're going north
He's going to that kindergarten there and you're a one-way street.
It's work and balance.
I'm going to tell you, which one of them should you be?
They hear me, but they don't hear me, or they don't hear me, or they don't hear me.
My Yaw has not been rescued here yet, he will be rescued in October.
He said that he could not give the money back until next October.
It's four hours from Chicago. So I said I'm going, the building is empty.
I will be there in November.
For example, I got three weeks' insurance I went there on a road trip, for example, I came to you, for example, your house
She said it was perfect, she would not know what it was, she said it was useless, let's make another seven.
paralyzed for camping
We're going to go home. Muqlis told me I told Muqlis told me I told you we were camping
If we don't do anything, we'll have to stay one night.
No, my computer science is worth something.
Ha, is computer science data science or not?
of the computer science group Speak.
Is this the same thing as data science and computer science?
What is it, data science is within computer science.
Amazon web services is an example of this.
Google Cloud is an example of
So many companies have their own thing, from an example to a model where every smart guy like a computer and an engineer will get or do everything they want --
E, now I'm at the head of the school now yes, you know I think three four
What is a Bahizok teacher in Kurmanj? is a Babilok, is a Tufan?
It's also a safe day for high school, high school.
They said you want to be both a hybrid at school and
I'm learning about it, I don't know what Kurmanji is.
For example, we can say that there is a ten cent twenty cent scratch.
What's your insurance? is it all-inclusive, where is it?
I'm telling you, it's my fault, it's an occupation.
I'm saying you're telling them or my car did it, maybe they'll let you get repaired.
Yeah, I say to myself that I always go to the other one, Shopping these days, I don't leave the house because of the corona.
The parking lot of the store, the shopping area of the store has been done this way. I am fresh but, we
I don't know if we're going to get some insurance money, if we're going to get some insurance money, so I'm saying I don't know if I'm eligible for insurance.
Yes, but I'm saying that if you have the right to do it, that is, if the insurers know what they've been through, he's out, you know.
If you don't give him insurance, he's out, he's not a driver, he's not a driver.
If you're going to run, tell me to run
Not with God is empty, with God there is no one.
There was also a change of color, there was a change of color.
I don't know what the sadness was, but it was.
He also said that we will not change the wheel, we will go to tire rotation, so he told me in his heart to take eight dollars from me for tire rotation.
tire rotation you know what it is, they turn the wheel to the right. Left they turn right, right they turn left.
I'm going to do seven or six or seven thousand miles with God.
Most of my next month, our next month of September, ends, it's five years.
Mine has never been more than 40,000 miles
It's very good, by God. You know, I'm a few miles away, and I'm about a mile away.
That's what happened when we moved from San Diego to Marryland, and if it hadn't happened, it wouldn't have been 20,000 miles by now.
I have a heart I have a heart I will do business or I will be this defender I will tell him to give me an example or give me a mini one.
But I don't know, I've refinanced my new house
My livestock investments are huge, so what will they do with it?
Ow. He was refinancing, so you said I would refinance, what happened to him?
It's happened. You know, once again, finance is a scam, something like fraud.
Everyone makes a suggestion, and you make a suggestion, or the best suggestion, so you do it.
When I got a Chinese, a San Diego Chinese, he gave me a good suggestion.
So I've already given my own that I'm going to Chinese do it, Chinese are smart, they'll
I'm not expecting to be praised in terms of praise.
Wow, hasn't he been praised yet?
It's not yet your turn to submit your application, it's obviously a procedure, or it's already been approved.
It is said that the process of closure, that is, the drawing of a moon.
Ow. Since I never knew my finances again, what would you think of this kind of financial recovery?
Okay, fayda is going to re-finance, now my six-year-old's rate has dropped three times to nine.
I've done what I've been doing for nineteen years, or I've been doing my job for nineteen years.
I've also raised my rate to 2,375. Now I'll give more animals per month.
But this interest rate I give is significantly low, that is, let's say next year I get $400,000, $500,000 interest income.
Oh well, I figured it out. Or let's just say it was low and the rate was low.
With God about fifty miles, or it's North Los Angeles,
Not with God, mine mine once called my barker again I went and then said something to you
There were no hybrids who said you could stay and go, but I don't think that's going to happen.
You don't know, he was once in Florida, who went to first school like this
There's a lot of security features, like Zoom online some things like that
I had a French
E. I'm currently working on a lawsuit, prospectors, for a thesis.
text, a mother of a son
One o one, it's in English. Until I give the others I'll take lessons from normal
Yes, either this one or one of the English you saw stayed
Then I'll come home and I'll work out at home.
I work for myself at home.
So we went on a road trip with God Yumut and we came, and he started, and he paid four thousand dollars.
One of our curricula, Mukhlis's, is data science, that is, it is not celebrated, that is, there is a difference in the name.
He said he would have given a lot of data science, Ferhat would have given ten thousand if I hadn't been wrong.
The one that doesn't make much difference to me, you know, this is where after all this is, this is where it is, we're going to get rid of this place and we're going to get rid of another place.
It is not Nashville's suburb, but Nashville's suburb, outside of Nashville. It is half a mile, forty minutes from Nashville.
He bought the house by himself.
You can't just buy a house here, you can't buy a house here, you can't buy a house here, you can't buy a house here.
The tax rate is too high, and here in Chicago it's over ten thousand dollars.
In Louisville, Kentucky, for example, let's take a look at Gastonia, the only house
It has four bedrooms, two three bathrooms, a large kitchen.
Well, it's close to the city center, you're looking at a price of two hundred and fifty thousand, two hundred and seventy thousand,
The only house with its own garden is big, that is, it is all big.
For example, some Filipinos and Vietnamese and some Arabs, they leave here.
Let's give it to her.
The girl's parents are still missing.
We don't own this house, we don't own this house, I don't have a pound or a dollar worth of baritone fees or I have my own Chunky Baritone $1,400.
The speaker also gives the example of what they say, interviews say, what do they say?
My example is great, there were no other problems.
I asked what you were doing, he said manual testing, I said finish. He said to sit down, I sat down.
Five gave perfect writing, here the example says you will
He said manual testing these are five, said nothing more than that.
Manual testing in Java
Does the testing manual include Java?
Haya you also have a java, there is no manual testing in Java, the manual testing is in Java.
When I start the curse, I may be able to walk away for two or three hours
If they send us a weapon, we can't start unemployment like the others, which is hard.
He pays seven hundred dollars a month, he pays student loans.
They pay the life insurance fee, they pay three hundred dollars.
And, for one care he is entitled to for one care.
She gave him a home.
Yaw told me not Serhat what it is, I said this unemployment will continue.
My unemployment is gone too.
Eight weeks ago I got a message, but it was two thousand dollars.
The morning came what the morning did, the morning looked for five million, five million.
Four dollars is no deposit, zero dollars.
Don't worry about it yaw.
I am very curious who I am very curious who receives these requests, who becomes these requests.
They must die, I've been here before, there's nothing like this.
We were very involved.
Vana said, "Now you don't have a race coming in and you don't have a penalty.
Uber Lyft, Uber Lyft, this my account background checking is a problem
Yaw man, I told my brother that he would check my background every day, if there were no problems.
I don't know if you should contact any companies that do background checks.
We're not doing anything like the others, we're doing everything together, we're doing everything together, we're doing everything together.
The example of a nation must be a pack, you must be a nation, you must be a nation, you must be a nation.
by god aslinde, yes, it is nice but
Yes, the removal of food can be obtained but I don't think the other ingredients should be sealed.
There's no door, no indoors, no one can go to the store.
The thermometer gave us the data. I can tell you at home how it is, it gives us the data.
It's good to work with God, it's good to work with God.
The address is there, get in your car, tell me what you're doing what you're not doing, hello aleykum aleykum hello.
Thanksgiving Day will be
Yes, the pain is alright.
He went to the course, this course good good camp
He also wanted to study at a company he worked for in California before his interview.
She continued the interview, saying what she wanted, but I wanted $100,000.
We've been through a conversation, and we're waiting to hear what they have to say.
Or as a text we will
This is a week's worth of unemployment
His doctor will give me a copy, so I'll look at him. I'll scan him later and let us have a copy, you know.
One can also print libraries. Now maybe a project is ongoing but the issue is if the president of the university gives permission
Two of these people are very familiar with this recipe.
On the day of giving thanks, will I tell you whether or not I am going to the house of my uncle?