This is the current system in America, many states are called swing states or they are states, they are their voters.
I mean, for example, let's say you did an overpass before and the importance of it, well, it's just in Dihok.
The broken silence of the new social media and communication people were talking about, this is important. Sometimes you have flaws,
1, and this way of cooling and melting the meat becomes a source of contamination, we call it salt contamination.
All right. Regarding the frauds in the elections that you are talking about. On social media, people say it's been fifty years
we are in the mood. All our things are customer oriented. I mean, the difficulty is that after all the other things are done as we have done, there is no difficulty
They made a phone call to the owner of Riza's house.
It's coming to Raheem, Muhammad has turned himself into a steak chef
This is IKEA storage
This is the first, I will make a phone call to test what you saw.
Make a circle. I will do this test now, maybe a few more
our schedule, all print -- that is, until the moon, until twelve o'clock.
Until now, they have all taken out, all have been printed.
Yes by god. So I can't see what time I set my schedule.
It is extra protection and he said that we are not doing anything else.
We had three or four cases in our family.
It is a beautiful thing, including the part where someone likes them, even small children are beautiful
He makes jokes, lends me such things in Arabic and reads. Sometimes, messages like these are sent to the phone from the father.
Joint venture. Everyone has what they have, their community, they have their community, so our family is here. It is the house of my uncles, cousins, and my sister-in-law.
many of those who come to us work, our clients are Arabs. You saw the time when they come and learn the language.
Seconds. Kiss the child, stay in good health.
He is ready himself. We haven't eaten yet, take a snack and then we will eat.
It's true, it's true. What can we do? you ordered your transcript, what did you do, did you call the school?
That's the cake, it's the backyard, you didn't come soon, we planted taxes, taxes and that.
are organic, we use parsley, we cut it every two days. It grows on me
For example, the example that we will make volleyball is even better, the nation will like volleyball.
Children can come by themselves. That is, volleyball will still be useful to the nation.
Yes, I also enjoy volleyball. Let's buy a ball, find a net, let's play.
And let me tell you, there are two kilos of these little red cherries that are not full.
Bro, I'm in Texas. I brought my house there, my children are here because I came with a Green card.
Isn't this Google Translate?
Yes, that's who Bedel Boseli is for Google Translate
No, I do one job, I have a truck that takes me to work.
they say box truck, they say this truck in Turkey. Some of them are called expedite or hot shot.
and then I say that I am a guest on the application.
Well, there was a positive effect, that is, I don't know, some people were afraid of the market
positive happened. There was not much work, but the work was not closed either.
Ha, then we go, we leave our car at the door. They also load with a forklift.
Then we go to the forklift. That is, we don't have any contact with humans, so it doesn't have a bad effect on our health.
I would. How are you, how are you? You work at the university, don't you?
university -- does the university give you this opportunity?
I'm fine, thank you, my daughter Arya and I have come to the park. They call themselves dadan, for swinging
He. We are going to die. So he swings.
This is our current state of Indiana
He says, corona corona I am bored -- yes, such things
Central school, that is, as we say high school
As a volunteer, you took the first lesson for me, the Latin one.
it becomes an advantage. Besides that, he wants to learn Spanish.
And I say, first of all, you should improve your English.
that is, IU is a bit like what they call a hybrid
Isn't that so? Ours will be a hybrid.
Here is the lesson for some departments, that is, maybe even the majority of undergraduates will be the one who
they give Well, let's call the discussion of the lesson as a discussion
He accepted her proposal. That
But we do not accept. It is also forbidden to sit in the front seat. I don't care about you.
oh I mean, this Island isn't like that, it's in the middle of the water?
Island is, yeah Island -- Island. You go by car, you get on a boat with your car, you go to Iceland.
Rênas said I was looking for Ramadan, he said I was working. I said it's true, I didn't come when I was there, his location was near Harlem.
I stayed so late downtown and came to your neighbor, I said I would come to you but I didn't come
There is Montrose Park. When we got there, we went home again, we went downtown, it was eleven o'clock
On top of it, on top of it, on top of why not.
I'm afraid Mrs. Solin will have a big headache, so get her a puppy, puppy
In other words, in a heavy congregation, they say that, but we normally call them dogs.
Don't you come to the north?
Walla sure was saved. What is he saying for a few seconds?
We are going to where our teacher is in Jefferson Park. The place of our old association.
And the soccer ball is artificial grass.
No, this is made, this is in olympic -- olympic standard.
Bahadin says we are going to play soccer. Life wants to come.
A Bahadin, how can you do anything as an undergraduate?
coach -- that soccer coach, whatever you do, they get a lot of money, you know?
at the University of Chicago?
If you have a certificate, you can coach
they get a lot of money, you know. Although there is not much of soccer, these other.
Yes, you are right. Yes, this is American and basketball.
What did your teacher do? You found a house in the neighborhood, it was Queensey, what was the name of that suburb?
Queensey is not a suburb, it's four hours from here.
We also said it's Turkish, so we don't know diversity
Their minority, we showed ourselves. It was not good for us either
Yay, that's where we relaxed a bit, we said that there is democracy here, I don't know what is there, why is there discrimination here too?
If I don't go north soon, I can get Life, then go. We can tell each other what happened.
It happens. No, it's not good, it's good, teacher, what will life do to the school, come this semester?
now they will stay here, they will have an internship somewhere, they will do it there.
He will do the internship, he will work in the laboratory.
In the laboratory, he will develop some of his skills, he will be better at school then, he will be better at classes.
It's true. Do you go to our gym sometimes?
They went to Denver, they went to the Rocky Mountain. How were they there?
They walk in the gym, but they didn't do it for us.
Yaw we went to the top of the mountain in the Rocky Mountains, National Park.
It was a two-day road trip.
We stayed in the Rocky Mountains for two days, then we left
Oh my God, when you went to Rocky Mountain, Wyoming, they saw my photograph and your photograph.
We went to the National Park, Rocky Mountains was very nice.
I did not see the animal. I mean, I saw the top of the Rocky Mountains.
I will go to the National Park.
in that National Park one of many
It was named after Mount Rushmore.
so there were many people there for the fourth of July, it was very crowded.
No, he came, we went to Crazy Horse.
Oh, you don't even have experience. I also told him how you understand madira tent.
It was very nice, maybe we want to go again, that is, Corona
I was scared, I said maybe a hurricane will come, but it didn't.
We said maybe see a hurricane
No, it didn't happen. Today I watched the news, maybe a hurricane will come. This is why --
They were waiting for it, I think it was good to see the hurricane.
I mean, there are things in the basement, what is there?
The rain here today was good. Say it here
This is not yaw. Another example is near the ocean.
Because Osman said that he saw a furniture store, he saw Emrah's herald, that is,
This is an Amazon Web Service, I will take the exam for the certificate.
There are videos. For example, there are tutorials on Udemy, which are very popular on the internet.
There was a tutorial.
Ya Selah and it's the same, for example it's cloud partitioner, for example ya dabilyu ese, Amazon web service
There are about twelve certificates, cloud partitioner was getting it and Storm, he is a beginner.
Well, for example, you don't need to get a beginner, you can also start intermediate. I also started intermediate, because a beginner is not necessary. I can get the beginner, yes.
One of Amazon's own documentation documents, very well mentioned.
You only pay for the exam, that's it.
Of course, of course you will pay, how many hours was it? I don't know how many hours, but seventy questions.
Ask a question about the scenario. For example, they say who is the example of a company
You will reduce the share if the company pays less, for example, there are many scenarios.
For example, it says EC two stands for what, for example, there you immediately say elastic compute cloud tak passes, that is.
Çeko Çeko is new, that is, he does what he has learned.
Because this certificate is good for, for example, to show your resume, for example, many companies do, they look at your resume, that is.
Ha, not at all. You're going to a new state, and I'm going near downtown, which means it takes time, right.
Yes, yes. But I didn't know you had a background, it turned out very well, I didn't know.
I'm fine, who is this? what is going on?
Great was good, was good.
What is Bahadin? What kind of phone is this?
You can go to Seattle this weekend.
whatever you call it, English family man, run by one.
I will send it to you if I write the travel destination.
I don't know how many containers
What is container in Kurdish?
A great, long truck
This is the truck, so it will come
There is this covid nineteen.
It is called Proper Doctoring
I myself have watermelon, watermelon, peaches, etc
If it ends, if they find the vaccine, where is your office, where is your company?
No, they look like a remote control
What do we do with life insurance?
and investment means you
If you want to take care of yourself, take care of your old lady, take care of your child, you will want life insurance
Our application makes them, that's it.
It is called internal application
Yes, we can only fit twenty five people inside.
But generally they are a little bit older, that is, they don't come.
The chicken that is called stuffed chicken means that its inside is filled with
It is filled with cheese, spinach and other things like onion and we make the sauce with cream sauce.
spice ie.
Yes, by God, we make white bread and a little bit of black bread.
On our side, the one from our country, like your Arabs, the whole middle eastern likes the white one, but the American one.
it's brown
Brown ie. Its taste comes from a little bit of blackness, like no brown. That aslinda is really the best.
I myself -- You
It's information technology, it's remote, it's working at home.
American citizen.
One day he went to the institute, one day he is at home. But I don't know that that guy's internet is not good, I don't know what his problem is, poor guy.
For example, the camera I'm teaching you, we all work on it, we work on information technology.
How is the Tajik dialect and what is the Iranian dialect of Tehran?
we should have learned the Cyrillic alphabet, because we could read the signs.
Who did they get the Cyrillic alphabet from? India or who got it from India?
There is no ban there, people go there. They spend time there on vacation.
You can't ask but we have another tool called The Question Answer if you have a question
or you mute it and you talk to it, you silence it, you can talk.
Is it during class or after class if it's office hours?
We have office hours, as well as if you have any questions
Does it mean that the same teacher answers or does he have an assistant camera?
he has an assistant.
He has an assistant, and besides the technical class, we also see the behavior class, they say FA skills.
Yes, yes, because of this business, no company that provides business does not certify the truth.
Because this school we study is a college, it is a university
She doesn't have a major, she doesn't have a school. That's why they themselves know that they have received it from a school, they know it themselves.
since they have tools, we will activate them, if you get their certificate yourself, it's good, we get their certificates now.
For example, they say o c a certificate for java, if you get o c a certificate, that means you know it is java.
that is, they say that a little durum in Kurdistan is not good.
I mean, a little bit of durum is not good for them now.
Well, there are thirty-five, forty miles between us in Midyad and Nisebin.
That means hard work, I couldn't do much.
Now there is a fifteen minute shortcut, fifteen
he says, in Turkish they say, badincan kebabi, if you say black badan kebab, in Kurdish --
problems, you put the water in the water and tell them what the water is like
One mopona coupon
buy a pizza, they give you so many coupons.
Do you know how many clients come here?
Engineering we say, I don't think it is.
Amazon club, I don't know what to say.
Say I will look for an internship, say I will do that job, say until I arrive
As for music, do you already have a record player?
There was a new auction, with a license plate. I don't know where he was that day, England or France
that is, they have to come again. Take your time again, as you say, pick up and delivery will only happen.
I mean, by God, it's been four, four, five months, as you say, there is no workout, Bahadin.
there are two or three places, that is, there are two or three level places, the one that goes down when I walk, that is, the water comes to my feet.
really ha, I don't know, it's strange, nothing happens, maybe something was messed up. What are you doing, are you still in your city?
But that's the case in Monroe County, just below Bloomington.
For example, your county is where you live, under that, under Monroe County.
That is, as a roommate
For hinga roommate does not pay, I mean for a room?
How are you as an undergraduate?
Political science, I'm almost done, I have four lessons left, I'll give those four lessons and I'm done.
I quit political science, I said it is not necessary for me, I want to be in the language.
entered the master's degree here, international studies ay yu ye da ie at the university.
I did this now in the pandemic, that is, I did it on Balochi
Well, that means I'm also on that study, it's mine, just like you steal, mine is on Kurdish.
their instruction
From Bahdini, I do it Bahdini is like that, you saw it is called dialect continuum
in English it is called dialect continuum ie
letter bi ji
on its phonetics, on its speech
Yes, if you ask for transcription, transcription is very important bro.
You know what transcription is, right?
I am afraid of that, I will get my green card next year.
I'll see if he's laughing at dinner, that is, he'll find a supervisor.
My account is complete, some of these lessons are hybrid hybrid
I mean, I think the people will want to come and order.
they say Washington island, it is an island, yes.
All right. For example, there I say the island or in the island, there I can say Gulistan, for example
Even in the water, can you go hiking in those places? How is that?
Yaw, I really wanted to go hiking, you saw that we had a map, there was a mistake.
Yes, we had the map with us.
there was a map. He looked at me and told me to go to this place and we stayed in
I was looking at the phone, I was looking at how far it is from us. One day I said we will go hiking.
The grave I saw was on the map.
Yes, but if you say that there are great places for hiking, we didn't find them ourselves.
It's not great. I think maybe that map -- I think maybe that map that they gave us was the old one.
There was another beach, I forgot its name, that is, there was another beach, there was another beach, where you were shopping.
I mean, I think that's the map they gave us, I think it was old, maybe because we didn't see the trailer.
We didn't find a place where hiking is included, I think maybe that's why.
By God, what are we saying to him, the experiment in it, which one is good with Shukri in the hookah?
He says that the apple is called double apple.
Whether it's in Kurmanji or English, whatever language it is, the same name is called double apple.
Sometimes it's very sharp and I put it in a double apple, I don't know if it's hard or if it's a mistake in the process.
I do the workout at home by myself.
I actually have an application.
Now I'm doing a workout.
For example, once a week, I do push-ups, squats and things like that.
I also do squats, but I squat and push them, that too
This thread has an application, the name of this workout. You can use it asinde. I said --
I'm going to work for unemployment because of that.
I mean, you mean the date of birth, right?
I have a work authorization permit.
Both proofs are not good.
Yes, even the current one, for example, has progressed a lot with artificial intelligence.
I mean, sometimes these automatic cars leave the queue quickly and do the next one in a moment?
Line will give.
import import.
those cases are increasing.
We say pandemic, we say shobe in Kurdish.
Illness is called sickness
Yes, the pandemic scares us a little.
Either research assistant or üğretim assistant
He recommended me, he said, what can you do? Go back there if you want, I was bored at home too.
It's like hafta sonu, it's like Lehd, it's crowded.
That is, it is the same. I mean, maybe some of them stand in line for an hour, I don't stand at all.
It's not cheap, it's called an outlet, it's not cheap either.
Now it's an outlet, but now it's an outlet, but it's more expensive, you know?
Very expensive, not at all like an outlet.
There is a gozlukçu there, he sells rice.
Walla You have twenty five seconds. Aha says there are twenty-five seconds.
that is, south of the Sophie Hotel, that is, you exit the university on Garfield
Oh, that is, if you come to the east side, that is, to the sea side, there is that Kimbark, that ^
You go there and go inside to the north
It is the school of the child there and you are one way from yourself.
It is work and balance.
talk or among them village, which one do you prefer?
He provides, but either I get mine, that is, there is nothing like that, they don't give, that is.
Yaw, this mine is not over here yet, it will be over in October.
because of that, he said, you can't, he said, you will pay the money again until October.
It is four hours away from Chicago. So I said to go, the building is empty, only life remains, I will leave my roommate's life
I will come in October.
For example, the first three weeks I came there, I went on a road trip, for example, I came to your house, for example, your house.
She said it was complete, I don't know what happened next, she canceled it, we will make it next week.
made a reservation for camping
We will go home. My fan said, I said
Cancel, we have to stay one night.
No, my computer science is something like that.
Is computer science not data science?
of computer science club computing.
Is this data science and computer science the same thing?
what is it, data science is in computer science.
Amazon web services is a case in point
Google Cloud is one such example
So many companies do their own thing rather than having all the computer hardware and engineers do it all --
Well, now I'm at the top of college, yes now, you say I believe three or four
What is Tornado teacher in Kurdish? It's Babylon, it's a storm, what does it mean?
It's the first day of high school.
They said you want to come to school as a hybrid
Even though I got sick, I have seen a lesson from it, I am learning from it. Hey, information technology, I don't know what Kurdish people say.
There is no big Walla. For example, we can say that there is a ten cent twenty cent scratch, that is, a scratch.
what is your insurance Basic is comprehensive, where is it? this
I am saying that mine is full coverage.
is it full coverage? I mean you say they did that to my car, maybe they will pay you to come and repair it.
Yes, I say it myself, that is, I always go there, shopping these days, because of the corona, I don't leave the house. So I say parking
The parking lot is the same, the shopping is the same. I just, but
So, I don't know if we pay some money to the insurance, then the money will go to the insurance. So I say I don't know if I should claim the insurance or not.
I would. But I am saying that if you make a claim, that is, the insurance people know what happened to you, that is a pain, you know.
If you tell the insurance company, that's a problem. It could be that you're a bad driver.
you wait, say I'm sorry
No, Walla is empty, there is no one. I came and I had a recall, so I don't know what happened to the recall
There was also an oil change. My oil change is the same
Plus I don't know what happened, that was it. I owe three hundred dollars.
He also said that we will not change the oil, we will go to tire rotation, so I said in my heart, take eighty dollars from me for tire rotation.
You know what tire rotation is, they fix the tire. Left gives right, right gives left. The front gives the back, e.
With God, that means close to me, that is, seven or six, seven thousand miles are born, I go.
The next month, the month before us, September will be saved, the payment will be saved, it will be five years.
Mine has not yet reached forty thousand miles
God is very good. You know how many miles I have on mine, mine is close to 1,000 miles.
You know how this battle happened, when we went to Maryland from San Diego, it also happened. If not, it would not have been twenty thousand miles by now.
I have a heart, I have a heart to trade, that is, to take it to a dealer, for example, give me one or give me a mini van.
I don't know, I just refinanced my house
My monthly payments are too much, so what will they do?
Oh. That refinance happened, you said I will refinance, what happened to that?
It happened. After all, you know that refinance is also a scam. That is, there are thousands of similar companies.
Everyone makes an offer. You give yourself the best offer and you do it.
So I found another Chinese, a Chinese in San Diego, they gave me a good offer.
So I already said that I will do it to the Chinese, the Chinese are smart, they will do it
make it in two days. I am not expecting approval.
Oh, so it hasn't been approved yet?
You have not yet submitted your application. The first thing is the procedure, that is, if he knows it has been approved.
Ama draws, draws a moon. They say closing process, that is, they draw a moon.
Oh. For example, when I never knew about refinance, what was the benefit of refinance for you?
Okay, the benefit of refinancing, now my thirty-year-old rate was three points ninety-nine.
I have done it for fifteen years. I mean, I've had my house for fifteen years, my mortgage.
I have also brought my rate to two three hundred and seventy five. I mean, now every month I will pay more.
But the interest I pay is significantly less, that is, let's say that I would pay four hundred, five hundred thousand dollars in interest in thirty years.
Oh yes, I understand. That is, we say that both the interest rate was reduced.
About fifty miles, that is North Los Angeles,
No, Walla, mine, mine, mine, mine, I recalled my charger, then I went and said you have nothing
When they came to the hybrid, they said you can come and go, but I don't believe it will continue like that. We are also online only
You don't know, that is, once it was Florida, who went to first school like that
that is, there are other options, such as Zoom online, some such things
There were exams, the French one
E. Now I'm working on the prospectors, for the dissertation.
the throne, that is, the house
I'll get one Walla One o one, it's in English. Until I give it to others, I will take more lessons than normal
Yes, but this one o one of English you have seen
Then I come home and do a workout at home.
testing is I work for myself at home.
Here is Walla Umut, we went on a road trip and when we arrived, he started. Here he is, he paid four thousand dollars.
One of our courses, that of Mukhlis, is data science, that is, it is not testing, that is, there is a difference in the name.
He paid him a lot of data science, Ferhat paid ten thousand if I'm not mistaken.
It doesn't matter much to me, you know, the result here is also strange. We will eliminate this place, we will eliminate another place
It does not have the surrounding cities of Nashville, it is not Nashville itself, but the surrounding cities of Nashville, the suburbs of Nashville. Half an hour, forty minutes away from Nashville.
let's buy a single house.
Currently, you cannot buy a single house here. That is what you saw when you bought it, that is, it is bad.
Moreover, the neighborhood itself is very large, that is, over ten thousand in this part of Chicago
Well, that is, for example in Louisville, Kentucky, we look at Gulistan, single houses
It has four rooms, two or three bathrooms, and a large kitchen. One thousand six hundred, one thousand seven hundred square feet.
I mean, it's good, it's close to downtown, you're looking at two hundred and fifty thousand, two hundred and thirty thousand,
A single house with its own garden is big, that is, it is all big.
for them to immigrate from here, for example Filipinos and Vietnamese and Arabs, they leave here. Example two
We will pay the mortgage.
The girl's parents live in the basement.
We don't own this house, we don't own this building, we don't pay the mortgage for one dollar, because I have a mortgage of fourteen hundred dollars.
What do they say, what do they say, what do they say?
Or, for example, mine is large, there were hardly any others.
I said what are you doing, he said manual testing, I said complete. He said to sit down, I sat down.
Complete five steps, this is what you say
he said manual testing is five, he said there is nothing more than that.
That is, manual testing in Java
Manual testing does not have Java?
You also know about java, there is no manual testing in Java, manual testing is separate, Java is separate.
when I start the course, maybe I will deliver for two or three hours there
If they give us a gun, send us unemployment, otherwise we can't do it, that is, it is difficult.
He pays almost seven hundred dollars a month, he pays a student loan.
They pay the insurance fee, they pay three hundred dollars.
Yes, for one time he pays for one time.
they have retirement, it was given to them.
What did Serhat say, I said that this unemployment will continue.
My unemployment is also gone. These
I received a message yesterday, but the rent was two thousand dollars.
The order came, what did you do, the order runs five miles, five miles.
Four dollars no tip, zero dollars.
Tip does not yaw.
I wonder who gets these orders, who gets these orders.
They must be dead, they used to come here, there is nothing like this. They give me two orders and three orders in turn with the Koran. He said
he said you are so busy.
These were expensive. Now they don't even get an order and there is no tip.
Uber Lyft and Uber Lyft also have a problem with my background checking account
Hey man, it's ten to twelve hours, I mean, my brother will update my background checking, there should be no problem.
I don't know, you should talk to the companies that do background checks.
They will do background checking, otherwise we won't do anything. In other words, artik is ghu and virik, they have joined together. One is that
It should be the case of delivery of the package, you pick it up and put it down, but the man who takes it is bad.
Walla aslinde, yes, the delivery is good
Well, that is, the food pick up can be taken, but I don't believe the other hookah, it should be closed.
Because it doesn't exist, it says in doors, no indoors. No one can go to the store.
the thermometer gave it to us. I can tell you how it is at home, they gave us the machine.
They sent medicine to them. So we talked a little, it's working well. That is, there are workshops
The address is there, get in your car and go, tell me what you are doing and what you are not doing. You will tell yourself what the student will be.
Thanks giving will give
Yes, wood fire yes aunty.
He was going to the course, this good good camp course
He also had an interview with a company in California yesterday.
Interviewed him, Miash said what do you want, he wants one hundred thousand dollars.
I mean, they passed an interview, now we are waiting for what they will say.
That is, as a throne we will
How many weeks is this for unemployment?
His doctorate will come to me, which I will look into. I'll scan it later so we have a copy, you know.
one can also print books. Maybe the project will last longer, but if the dean allows it
Hire two such people who know this job well.
Thanks Giving, I want to say that the matter should go to my aunt's house and their house or not?