As you can see, the great mistake of the year 2000 did not happen, but the citizens of some of our countries were victims of truly terrible natural disasters.
The honourable Members expressed their wish to discuss the matter in the coming days during this period.
Surely you have heard from the news in the press and on television about the various bombings and murders in Sri Lanka.
If the House agrees, I will do as Mr Evans has suggested.
However, it now happens that he should be charged again, since the Public Prosecutor's Office will appeal.
The questions which had been answered earlier referred to Mrs Palacio's intervention in a particular dossier and not to those statements in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
There is, by the way, the possibility of a military coup in the future.
Since my group is of the opinion that a Parliament is made to listen, to change and to reflect, we think there is no reason to justify this delay, and we also believe that the Commission is in a position to do so, that we are in perfect time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and to act responsibly before our citizens and our fellow citizens.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I am really a little surprised by the behaviour of Mr Barón Crespo, who now demands that this item on the agenda be included on Wednesday's agenda.
However, we are also of the opinion that there should be a change in this Commission tactic which follows an orderly procedure, and not only on the basis of an oral statement made here in Parliament, but also on the basis of a document which is decided by the Commission and which provides a description of this programme for a period of five years.
We do not intend to come into conflict with the Commission simply by going in, but we are of the opinion that, if possible, the Commission and Parliament should follow the same path.
However, as Parliament, we are also the Commission's control body and not everything that comes from the Commission has to be compatible with our opinion.
We therefore suggest - and I am convinced that the Commission is also open to these considerations - that the debate on the Commission's long-term programme should be scheduled for February 2005.
I repeat, therefore, that this oral question should be kept to the Commission and the Council, so that we can know once and for all the position of those two bodies in relation to this relatively modest proposal, which would send an important signal to public opinion, especially after the sensation created around the failure of the Seattle Conference.
Not only for me, as an Austrian, but I think that for everyone, the memory of the calamity that took place last year in the Tauern Tunnel, which cost countless lives, and in which, for many months afterwards, it was necessary to rebuild everything that had been destroyed in this tunnel, with incalculable financial expenditure.
The renovation, which lasted for months, cut off this important transit route between northern and southern Europe.
In some parishes in my country the devil was truly at large.
I would also like to address one last point: we cannot be content with filling another gap in the safety net and turning a blind eye to the fact that there is still much more to be done on the question of transport security in Europe.
In this context, I also ask and ask the Commissioner responsible here to present a document on this matter as soon as possible, with a view to ensuring further safety in tunnel traffic, so that we never again have to witness such a calamity in Europe!
Firstly, I thank the rapporteur for the extraordinarily detailed and technical work he has done on this dossier, and secondly, I thank the Commission for the proposal he has put forward.
I must confess that I am somewhat sceptical about the question of security, since security will basically not distance itself, perhaps in Sweden, from security in Germany, Italy or Austria.
The margarine and a few pounds of ink, which in principle presented no dangers, caused a real calamity.
It is therefore necessary to examine the possibility of further harmonising the requirements to ensure maximum safety.
I'm sorry we have to act because the others didn't do their job.
It extends only transitional rules by extending dates, removing provisions which no longer apply and regulating the procedure for (a) the ad hoc transport of dangerous goods and (b) the adoption of less stringent national provisions, especially for the transport of small volumes of dangerous goods in very limited regions locally.
The EU Commission shall decide whether or not Member States may enact certain provisions of their own, supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods, in accordance with the regulatory procedure.
I hope that my proposal will be put to the vote tomorrow.
We also have that institution to demand that the British Government ensure that the private sector, which is certainly the biggest driver of structural funding, is involved in the programming stage.
Today, however, these same areas can be a burden on the national economy and can be poor, which requires investment in new areas of activity, in so-called electronic production and in the production of services, which are the areas of the future.
In our amendments we have set out the importance for us of creating the necessary synergies between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and Community initiatives, so that their implementation is reflected in an optimized and most profitable way in the progressive elimination of inequalities between regions and the creation of jobs, which are, after all, the two fundamental purposes of the Funds we are talking about.
The operation of the previous set of programmes is also very instructive in that it warns us of what the guidelines should not be.
The application and implementation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal discretion of that administrative officer, either in the Commission or in public office.
This would ensure that the peripheral countries and the outermost regions of Europe, i.e. their most disadvantaged regions, could operate successfully in the new euro area as well as in the expanding internal market, where the free movement of goods, people, services and capital is a reality.
I think we need to be able to say it loud and clear.
In this sense, both Europe as a whole and each individual Member State should make the best use of all its resources and potential, and therefore also the available Structural Funds.
This requires a European Commission which, in addition to good intentions, gives greater clarity to its guidelines and makes every effort to monitor the use of these resources by the Member States.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express to you the great interest I have felt in listening carefully to the comments, sometimes criticisms and suggestions, which have just made progress in your interventions, based on Mrs Schroedter's report.
And I also want to assure you that when the Commission adopts the guidelines under what we call the interim review, as provided for in the regulation, the viewpoint of your House, which I now state in this report, will also be taken into account.
Before concluding, I would like to say to Mr Savary that tomorrow we will have a specific discussion on the consequences of the storms that have particularly affected France, Austria and Germany over the past few weeks, while we will again discuss, with my colleague De Palacio, the lessons to be learned from the black tide that has also affected the French coast.
Even the strongest centres continue to grow above the European average, while many areas of southern and northern Europe develop much more slowly.
The transfer of the most advanced technologies and knowledge for use by firms in the least developed regions is also of particular importance.
This does not mean that I do not see the need to strengthen competitiveness, especially since I myself am an entrepreneur in a region covered by Objective 1, namely Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and I know very well the concerns and needs of small and mediumsized enterprises.
When I speak of private enterprise, I do not refer only to the form of ownership of the company but to a state of mind, that is, to the behaviour of the person who wants to move forward in his life, whether that person is a worker, an entrepreneur or a public servant.
It is a fact that the Commission took special care, Mr Berend, that this Sixth Periodic Report made it possible to see an effort, to achieve a qualitative level in the analysis proposed to it.
I do not want to go into detail now, Mr Rapporteur, in the course of my comment on some of the key points which your House has already signed up to.
Mr President, I am responding to a request made yesterday by the President of the sitting to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes.
It will be a testament to the proper collaboration between the two institutions.
Things are no longer as simple as when it was enough to submit a request and ask for your consent, because now everyone has to take their own responsibility and this is possibly the reason why some people feel uncomfortable about this.
President Duisenberg even tried to attribute the relative weakness of the euro to the dollar to this state interventionism.
State aid to enterprises or agreements between enterprises are legitimate in a market economy, and who should control these exceptions to the absolute rules of the market economy?
But what are the conditions under which this altercation takes place, and what conclusions should we draw?
Workers face the greatest assault on their labour and social rights.
I consider useful in this regard the texts of von Eieck and certainly also those of a great Italian liberal, Bruno Leoni, who warned against the risks of an unusual expansion of anti-competitive policies.
Thirdly, I would like to know whether the Commission has found out what the consequences of its new approach will be for the strategy of the business world.
In order for no one to consider this a purely nationalist claim, I must remind you that in the Factortame case, in which the British Government sat on the bench of the defendants, it took ten years for the Court of Justice to deliver its judgment.
In this respect, it must be emphasized that a State aid policy - the Jonckheer report makes this particularly clear - must continue to allow each State the freedom to define and structure its public tasks and ownership relationships independently.
It must be made clear that aid can play a useful role in compensating for market failures and in promoting Community objectives.
For example, last year's figures show that the total value of mergers in the European area was EUR 1,418 - seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last outbreak of mergers in 1990.
This situation poses enormous challenges to competition policy, which I hope it will be able to address, since surely many of these mergers will be designed to protect companies' profit margins from competition rather than merely increase productivity and enable them to operate on a wider scale.
Forty years later this proposal is once again on the table and will - I am absolutely certain - create room for cartel formation to the detriment of Europe's consumers.
Experience with practice - only 9 cases have been rejected, 94% of the cases in the Commission's proceedings have been resolved informally, only through non-legally binding instruments, or have simply been resolved over time - clearly shows the personal and financial barriers to the work of the Commission at a time of globalization and EU enlargement.
All of this worked quite well, but, as in the famous feature film Casablanca, the passage of time leads to the need to adapt the law we have been applying to the new circumstances.
Firstly, the question raised by some colleagues, in particular by Mrs Randzio-Plath, President of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, as to the legal exemption now proposed to be fully compatible with the Treaty.
I can say that the Commission's report on State aid to the steel industry, as is well known, does not cover individual decisions taken in a remarkable way under Article 95 of the ECSC Treaty, which fall outside the scope of the steel aid code.
Criminal protection of the financial interests of the Union
The creation of UCLAF, the task force and the OLAF, as well as the regulation on the protection of the Community's financial interests and on-the-spot checks were important steps.
This stalemate could lead to a depletion of the Union's credibility and led Parliament to launch the idea of setting up a European Public Prosecutor's Office.
I should like to make it clear that my group will present an amendment which will remove the detail of how the Commission should deal with this matter.
I myself was a member of the committee of inquiry into transit traffic.
We can improve this situation by rapidly starting the fight against crime in Europe, which has to be done at European level.
Mrs Theato probably forgot about a European prison because we know that the FBI, the European police, exists with OLAF.
Finally, in the wake of the agreement reached in Tampere, the report reaffirms the figure of the European Attorney-General for Justice, who in due course rose to prominence by a decision by Commissioner António Vitorino, calling on the IGC to open its agenda to the creation of this new figure, now considered indispensable by all.
In my view, illegal State aid is nothing more than a form of state-sponsored social dumping.
Countries that always claim to be at the heart of European construction but systematically break their rules should be identified, pointed out and their hypocrisy exposed.
It is now clear that to achieve this objective, it will be necessary to create jobs in rural areas that are not only associated with agriculture as traditionally understood - which is important for the protection of the environment and biodiversity - but also in sectors such as rural tourism, sport, culture, the environment, small and medium-sized enterprises and services.
In view of the employment situation in the Community and the European Union's ambition to combat unemployment decisively, the Commission's analysis of the concentrations should take into account other factors than competition.
It's actually a benefit of the current system.
We voted against this report in the name of the development of public services and in particular in memory of the victims of the Paddington train accident, who were killed not by fatality but by an absurd persistence in imposing competition in a sector that required regulation.
I welcome the quality of the Seventh Report on State aid in the EU, the fact that it is now published annually and that the Directorate-General for Competition publishes general and specific public information on its website.
For this reason, I hope that the next State aid report will include an assessment of the effect of the aid on employment and on the industrial and craft sectors in the beneficiary countries.
A disaster like this, I'm pretty sure, couldn't have happened off the American coast.
First of all, I would like to thank my fellow environmentalists in my group for addressing this issue together with their transport team.
But it is time to stop expressing our solidarity and start issuing enforcement notices in order to get rid of these ships of shame for safe seas, otherwise we will be back at the end of the year to amend a new motion for a resolution when another vessel flying the flag of convenience will again pour its crude oil into the sea.
As a politician, I need to remind my staff how difficult it would be if I had to return to Parliament in a year's time in the event of such a devastating accident, and the measures you proposed to us today were still good intentions and the Commissioner had not yet had the opportunity to implement them.
With each tide, volunteers, military, firefighters, they pull out huge cookies from this black, viscous, thick tar.
It is because our States, with the blessing of the Community, have found it no longer worthwhile to have a merchant fleet of their own and have let go of rigorous knowledge in shipbuilding, that we no longer have a clear traceability of ships and we see real trash cans cruising our waters under a flag of convenience, in the taste of the short-term interests of the multinationals.
The western part of the Atlantic pays once again the price of its unwillingness to react, its tendency to capitulate to multinationals.
Moreover, when a ship no longer has a licence to sail, it is compulsory not only to check the facts but also to introduce a legal system in which it is sensible not to leave the port, or it cannot leave the port.
I am looking at some of you who have not yet been at the forefront of the environmental movement.
There is no zero risk in our society, there must be at least maximum caution.
I too, Commissioner, would like to thank you for the rapid response of your Cabinet to this accident and the measures that are already being taken and implemented.
I am convinced that within a few months these measures will give rise to a clear and forceful legal instrument - a directive, probably - which will definitely charge these 21st century pirates, who rob us all of the wealth and beauty of the sea.
We have set a value of 180 million dollars; in the United States we are talking about a maximum ceiling of one billion dollars for compensation.
I think it's an aspect to be recorded in our memories so that we don't forget about our political differences.
Mr President, everyone who came here by car, train or plane could see the extent of the damage caused, particularly in France, by the cyclones of unprecedented violence that hit Europe at the end of last month.
Nearly three weeks after the disaster, several thousand people were still without electricity and telephones, 500,000 hectares of massive forests and 100 million cubic meters of devastated land, historical heritage equally affected, as shown by the sad example of the Palace of Versailles park.
We have to pay attention to this relationship of forces: I do not agree with those who generally say that it is the greenhouse effect that is to blame for the storm, but one thing is pretty much certain: we will have to face other calamities if we do not reverse course quickly.
The EU agency based in Dublin, for example, has shown that physical distance is not currently an obstacle to effective action and contacts.
I therefore ask you how you feel about the location of this agency's equipment.
If I may make a literary suggestion to the honourable Member, whose concern for the subject I acknowledge, I would advise you to read a book published just before Christmas by the famous journalist Isabel Hilton on the problems of Tibet.
It is with great pleasure that we are incorporating Commissioner Patten's notes into the bibliography as another reference book that Members should take into account.
I hope that the approach we are pursuing will demonstrate its feasibility and at the same time reflect the imperative to give this issue the attention it deserves.
Do these renowned training centers provide jobs for trainers or for graduates?
However, this is contrary to the stated will towards the general objectives of decentralised action plans, particularly at the level of local authorities and agricultural regions.
This is an excellent opportunity for this Parliament to impress upon these plans an excessive stamp of reform.
It is also not permissible for a public institution to have copyright in public documents.
It is also necessary that if the Court of Auditors finds that a disability occurs not only in one year but in two consecutive years, management is responsible for that and that this is felt in the planning of a professional career.
Parliament also demands that the Commission present the first draft reform of foreign aid policy by 31 March this year.
As long as we do not have a statute, we will not be credible as the engine of the reforms of the Union.
It is vital to stress the fact that the Commission has not too often followed up on the reforms recommended by the Court of Auditors.
If Parliament approves this week the Commission's proposal for discharge from budgetary control, the European Commission should not consider it a blank note.
The European Parliament's refusal to grant discharge and the final refusal to accept the 1996 budget; the motion of censure tabled in this House a year ago for various reasons; and the first report of the Committee of Independent Experts on the reform of the Commission, which led to the mass resignation of the Commission itself, are now part of European folklore.
I should like to ask Mr Elles not to put the cart in front of the oxen.
They get the most opportunity when democratic control over monetary flows is reduced.
This will at most result in more bureaucracy, less influence from local democracy and less involvement of the population in the choice and implementation of projects.
It is a lack of a sense of responsibility, too much ex ante, too little ex post and, as a result, too little real and effective investment culture.
I sincerely hope that the contribution we make here will help us to really witness these changes here when the first draft of the Commission's report becomes an official report soon, on 1 March.
To date, payments from the Commission can only be made after the authorising officer has signed the application and the auditor has given his endorsement with his visa.
Mr President, on the basis of the breadth and detail of the proposals on the necessary reform measures, it can be concluded that such a reform is indeed important.
The prior approval of the financial auditor for each budgetary division shall only be deleted when it is demonstrated that the internal control system of a given department is fully satisfactory.
With the introduction of a series of codes of conduct, the current Commission has already begun to create an explicit ethical framework.
I would like to emphatically remind the Council and, if necessary, Parliament that we must not continue to allow a gap between our rhetoric and what we are really capable of doing.
The Commission and the Member States should also be encouraged to support projects that can contribute to establishing a road of understanding and partnership between the various peoples of the region.
We cannot be content to remain behind the scenes; we must be the protagonists in the first person, without entering a collision path with the United States, as Minister Gama said.
I hope that the next visit by the President of the European Parliament to the region, as well as by the presidents of their interparliamentary delegations, will mark the beginning of a stage characterized by a greater level of initiative and a more visible presence of the European Union in this complicated and difficult peace process.
The financial envelope for 2000 is EUR 3 million.
I do not want to forget the fact that 1999 was also the year in which the 1999-04 legislative term of the European Parliament, the new Commission and, consequently, the Commissioner responsible exclusively for Justice and Home Affairs took office.
The Commission will fulfil its responsibility in Tampere to submit proposals for the adoption of common definitions, incriminations and sanctions in the field of trafficking in human beings and the economic exploitation of migrants and the sexual exploitation of women and children, with particular emphasis on combating the use of new media and, in particular, the network for the dissemination of child pornography.
The Council's representatives are therefore called upon to look beyond their national borders and launch a uniform asylum process for all Europe.
Over generations, Ireland has sent its sons and daughters to safe places around the world, but now that the Celtic tiger is providing wealth and prosperity that exceeds our expectations, we are revealing a very dark angle of our character.
For our political leaders, it was somehow a shock to see that we now have to take in a share of the refugees who have been coming to the European Union for a long time.
Objective: Measures to cope with the continued ethnic cleansing of Serbs and Romaniches in Kosovo The NATO Defence Ministers' Assembly issued a strong call (2.12.99) for an end to ethnic cleansing of Kosovo's minorities.
There are two key issues: firstly, the increase in police forces, which was an important element in ensuring civilian populations and in particular in protecting certain civilian populations, and the increase in appropriations which would enable, inter alia, the support of some officials with important functions in the process, say, administrative and functional within Kosovo.
He told us that there will be an altercation in Lisbon on a more dynamic and competitive development.
If, in what is defined as the fifth negotiating box of the next Intergovernmental Conference, the inclusion of the cultural dimension can be agreed, this could be suggested by both the Member States and the Members of the European Parliament who will participate in the preparatory group.
It is self-sustaining in an escalation that continues to deny, all over the world, the humanity of the rich and the poor, even though the latter are ultimately excluded from most of the decision-making centres on the planet, which are monopolized by a tiny minority, which Jean-Pierre Chevènement recently designated, and very well, by: the globalized elites.
Opponents of the taxation of foreign exchange transactions defend these tax evasion centres, the tax havens, which make up a total of 62.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must challenge the world's speculative elite, their privileged right to direct the planning of the world economy while staying out of tax systems.
Since then, the families of the victims, who have not had the consolation of justice, since the pilot responsible for the act had no criminal consequences, have been waiting for at least prompt compensation from the United States.
But with Haider and his men, it is the clearly racist, anti-Semitic and xenophobic far right that would be promoted to co-leader of our Community.
All measures taken should, in our view, have the dual aim of condemning Haider without isolating Austrian society.
But, moreover, no one, including the European Union, can in our opinion stop questioning the reasons why an unscrupulous demagogue is allowed to exploit the frustrations and fears of politicians, in which a large part of the population does not look back.
We are talking about the Alpine arch, we are talking about all our countries: conditions are being created under which a danger to European democracy and civilization can be reborn.
To regard race as a determining factor of a nation and to defend the superiority of one race over the other, as you can read here, awakens old ghosts of a century that we have just left behind and which some historians have defined as the century of horror, which the unacceptable philosophy of Jörg Haider's political program once again rocks before our stunned eyes.
The measures taken must be proportionate to the level of protection chosen - i.e. a forging hammer should not be used to break a nut.
This teratogenic effect was demonstrated by a single English laboratory, but possibly the only one to carry out tests.
If we look closely at the decisions taken at the Helsinki Summit we will see that the agenda agreed there is not satisfactory and does not ensure the substantial changes that are essential to create a more functional, more effective, more democratic, more transparent Europe.
I think that the Presidency of the Council should take care that the train does not continue to roll as before and that people are not left waiting in the waiting rooms, ignorant.
We also believe that policymakers must change their attitude and ask the citizens in the referendum after the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference whether they agree with the way their Europe will continue to evolve in the future.
The low turnout in the European elections should indeed be a sufficient warning sign for all.
We regret that the Commission, in its opinion of 26 January, merely follows the routine of a unified Europe extended to the east, of a centralized superstate operating by majority decisions.
If we allow Europe to be diluted by enlargement, we will sink into our own political swamp.
When it is claimed that monetary union can be a counterweight to the globalization of capital, the credibility of the Union is undermined.
It was a clear agreement - I am not saying it was good or bad, but it was a combination - between the Commission and the Committee on Budgets, which we agreed on Amendments Nos 4 and 7, that is to say, that we agreed on the idea of making the mobilisation and implementation of the second tranche of macrofinancial assistance dependent on prior compliance with the commitments made by the donors.
I would also like to thank the head of the delegation to the Conciliation Committee, Mr Provan, because, as Mr Langen said, there was a struggle in the Conciliation Committee.
I should like to say, however, that this is, and has always been, a very modest budget, so the financing for this programme is more figurative than real.
As has been said and has been discussed with us on several occasions, culture is of particular importance, not only as an autonomous domain - and I would like to emphasize it again - but also as an excellent instrument for advancing the European ideal, which is also very important for citizens.
This amount corresponds to the expenses of a single German opera house during the same period, whereas in Europe this amount is for a period of 5 years and for 29 countries.
We know that in the Netherlands there are officially authorized treatment facilities which deal with the collection of unused vehicles.
First there was Minister Trittin, the Minister for the Environment, who did not properly consult with his cabinet colleagues, then there was Chancellor Schröder who, like an elephant in a porcelain shop, got involved in the procedure.
When the Green Group says that it would be the first time that the European Parliament has weakened a common position, I tell you that it is not so, because it cannot be correct in terms of environmental policy that, with the high and rigid recycling quotas, modern and low consumption cars are boycotted, as is the case with a car that consumes only 3 litres of fuel and contains a large amount of plastic!
In fact, it is when women have the opportunity to demonstrate their true fitness by removing as much as possible the barriers to the specific nature of their situation, and not in the context of a conflict where they will give the impression of going over to the assault of men's privileges, that they will prove their interest in facilitating the erosion of their professional careers and will be able to modify balances that are still too unfavorable for them.
I'm glad the driveway didn't get the best of it today.
What, then, are the values of these socialists, whose electoral success in the last century was based on the deception of the unprotected, on greater social justice, and which today do not go beyond the party of protected civil servants, the permanent cadres of trade unions and state capitalism?
I will not refer to the cases of corruption of the Socialist Party in Italy, because it is not about an ambulance, much less about a funeral car.
The waterfall of confusion and precipitation unleashed on Austria blends everything in with its purpose, greatly disturbs citizens of good faith and presents dangers that have not been considered.
Fascism and neo-Nazism are cancers!
The CSU MEPs have no sympathy for the FPÖ leader, Jörg Haider.
Because he knew what that euphoric crowd was ignorant of, and we can read in the books: that the plague bacillus does not die, nor does it ever disappear; that it can remain for decades asleep in furniture and clothing; that it waits patiently in rooms, cellars, coffins, sheets and paper piles; and that perhaps the day will come when, for the misery and learning of men, the plague awakens its rats and sends them to death in a happy city.
It was only after they had unsuccessfully asked the FPÖ to tolerate a minority government and after they had apparently offered the Liberals ministerial seats in vain that the SPÖ began its massive campaign against Haider.
The Commission's communication takes into account the need to follow approaches which include the full adoption of economic and social infrastructure measures.
This objective does not function as a goal to be set mechanically, but rather as a goal that will be adapted to the nature of the problem in the target areas.
We are particularly pleased to see a reference to the creation of a European Observatory for Cooperation within the framework of INTERREG.
Given that persons with disabilities do not constitute a homogeneous group - for example, many hearing-impaired persons are considered to be a linguistic minority who are denied respect for their own language and culture - it is important, as provided for in paragraph 9 of the motion for a resolution, to ensure that certain sectoral development partnerships can be defined as partnerships aimed at a specific discriminated target group.
With this triple objective in mind, these families, these people, these European citizens will play a more active role in Europe, which I consider important, since after all, cities will increasingly be the stage of European life.
Some countries - such as France and Spain - were able to meet this challenge by creating great nation states; others - such as Italy - were unable to meet this challenge and lost all the supremacy they had accumulated in the first part of the millennium: supremacy in science, technology, economic progress, defense and military organization structures, thought and literature.
And above all, and I end with this, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we must be able to declare all this in an accessible, clear language, leaving aside the jargon we use, because we cannot ask the Europeans, who are living in times of profound change, who are concerned with our cause and who feel motivated by our action if we continue to use a completely hermetic language and if we continue to turn our backs on them.
Maybe it's not romantic to make this claim on a morning like this.
But why don't they pay your ticket?
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is going to be able to take the necessary measures to ensure that the European Parliament is able to take the necessary steps to achieve this.
At this moment we are called upon to choose, for the coming decades, between a Europe perhaps less prosperous but a destination of peace and civilization for the whole planet and a Europe perhaps more opulent but without prophecy.
It is acceptable that everyone should, by mutual agreement, make an effort for budgetary rationality, but be aware that insufficient resources, lack of financial autonomy and poor budgetary implementation continue to be the priorities that need to be addressed.
Instead of cultivating hobbies, we would like you to do your normal day-to-day work.
Firstly, Mr President of the Commission, I think that if your two predecessors were primarily concerned with developing an internal market and introducing a single currency, you are essentially responsible for developing the whole value of citizenship that is at the heart of European construction.
For example, accepting new roads is accepting new environmental damage within the European Union, which is totally contrary to the policies we propose, for example in the fight against greenhouse gas emissions.
However, the French delegation of our group cannot accept that the Interreg initiative is, for the Commission and the Federalist Party, diverted from its mission in order to further undermine the political role of the nations.
Up to the stage of purchasing meat, milk, bread and other products at the shop counter, the food and additives are repeatedly structured, mixed, cut, crushed and transported.
It is also important that we put strict hygiene requirements on the production of additives and that Member States carry out effective controls.
At first we were a little undecided, although we regret it, but I have now come to the conclusion that the moment is quite appropriate.
I shall briefly review the main questions on which the Spanish Socialist delegation is moving away from some of the positions which have been defended here.
Mr President, every satellite photograph proves that we actually live on the blue planet.
This means that even when it comes to quantity control, we have to make great efforts to make life better, both at the source and downstream of the waterways.
All sensible people want this framework directive to be used as a buffer for legislators who are not up to their duties at the moment.
From the point of view of the Commission, which is a little more self-centred, I would like the Commission to have a face in the spirit of the citizens, and the men and women who make up it to be able to meet with the citizens as often as possible.
Mr Commissioner, I refer to one of your answers to the previous questions, in which you mentioned what I call the possibilities of shielding the Treaty in the face of the risks of diversion, in particular the diversification of the sanctions that can be imposed on a Member State in accordance with Article 7 in respect of violations of fundamental freedoms.
Secondly, under the reconstruction programme, urgent action has already been initiated at the Mitrovica hospital through a €1 million rehabilitation programme.
Objective: Implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu dam in Turkey Given that Turkey has recently been granted candidate country status, what is the Commission's view on the human rights implications of the construction of the Ilisu dam in view of the massive displacement of Kurds and other populations in the region that will result?
With regard to our external partners, we can only set a good example and encourage them in their efforts to democratize their decision-making processes.
Some technical arrangements still need to be made, such as the installation of a computer network, a file space, a restaurant and furniture.
The answer is that it is smuggled or produced by the Swedish people themselves, which, as Mr Andersson knows, is an extremely dangerous and harmful process for health.
Mr Commissioner, can you give us a reason, from a public health point of view, why there is a difference in taxation, for example, of Scotch whisky and Bordeaux wine or of my Bavarian colleague's beer?
There is obviously malleability in demand, it is a case of price malleability in relation to demand.
The southern half of my country is facing the Mediterranean, and the country's water availability reflects a whimsical and unstable climate and a rough terrain.
We also want to emphasize that it is imperative, especially in regions with a serious water shortage problem, such as in my country, and especially in the islands, that basic water storage projects are financed, increasing not the cost but the quantity, mainly through the collection of rainwater which is now wasted and which flows into the sea and causes soil erosion and all the problems that arise from it.
But I would like to stress that in this debate on the environment the budgetary question is central and Parliament cannot give in to the blackmail of being the only reasonable institution in this case.
Social rights should dictate economic choices and not the other way around.
This would mean removing from extreme poverty more than a third of the world's population, removing from extreme poverty about one billion people from living conditions, which cannot but be considered extraordinary, but which certainly requires strong participation and strong intervention by the international community as a whole in order to achieve this objective.
Some developing countries produce sugar cane for sugar production.
We should seize this opportunity to put an end to the last colonial success in Africa.
It is not surprising that the altercation is long and difficult.
And the Member signing this statement of vote considers it positive that a Community directive on water should be adopted, but he is of the opinion that Europe is not built on environmental dogmatism; on the contrary, dogmatism is only a legislative caricature.
Many are familiar with this famous phrase from the conclusions of the 1993 UN World Conference on Human Rights.
This seems contradictory, but never before in history has humanitarian law been so developed.
These were the words which, about three hours ago, Czech President Vaclav Havel addressed to this House.
To this end, the High Commissioner recently launched an annual appeal to raise US$53 million annually to enable her office to carry out these tasks.
It's been six years since the Velvet Revolution claimed Havel at HRAD.
Well, I was wrong, and I hereby pay tribute to Philip Lowe and his team, who worked very successfully behind the scenes to conclude the new convention under very difficult circumstances.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it was not necessary to end the Kosovo conflict in order to conclude that, after several wars in the territory of the former Yugoslavia with their numerous negative effects on the stability of the Balkan area, a comprehensive and lasting strategy for the whole region would be needed to ensure peace and stability in southeastern Europe.
The FYROM is essentially a miniature of the former Yugoslavia, regardless of where these or those minorities predominate.
Second, the debt or, where appropriate, the public surplus amounts to the denominated surplus of the public administration sector's need or ability to finance the SEC 95.
Firstly, we must welcome the idea of a Community passport for investment fund managing companies and also the provision on the approval of the home country.
This basic principle of liberalisation, of strengthening competition, of creating more investment opportunities, together with the prudence that consumer protection advocates, was the principle that determined and inspired my group to take a position on most of the controversial issues discussed here.
A child, a student, a teacher who smokes a hashish cigarette is treated in one country in pedagogical terms, while in another country he is treated as a criminal and is imprisoned in the university of crime which is the prison system and the jail.
Chief Police Commissioner Svend Frederiksen expressed his despair that he would have to continue with half the force initially alerted.
The Green Group/European Free Alliance, of which I am a member, believes that Commissioner Margot Wallström should commit to helping the affected communities, both economically and with environmental technology, in the enormous hygiene effort that needs to be made.
Mr President, I did not want to make a direct reference to the minutes, but to a communication we have on the table today, in particular on the cancellation of the Conference of Presidents open to members on 23 February.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the prospect of liberalizing traditional domestic postal services raises the inevitable question of what the postal services will want to see as their core business in the future, that is, what the postal services themselves will still want to do - what we will want to do together in an international context - and what they will no longer want to do.
In the smallest village there is a post office, and in e-commerce, mail will later be much more in demand because many people order goods through e-mail and web pages and also send invoices, etc. through this way.
All of them have been available on the Commission's website since August 1999 and the Commission will be pleased to give copies of these studies to all who request them.
The very positive and constructive response we have received from the consultations held over the past month has indeed been extremely encouraging and I am therefore convinced that while there may be a slight delay in the compilation and implementation of the reforms, these reforms will nevertheless be reinforced by the degree of understanding and commitment that will result from the consultations that we will conduct with diligence.
In so far as this is possible, with all the advice we have and all the design skills we have, I am sure that we have or will install on the basis of our proposals a system which guarantees the Union, its taxpayers and this House total security.
No soldier can be sent out of his country without the approval of the national parliament.
Finally, Mr Javier Solana, I would like to ask you why we have such a busy policy planning and early warning unit in the Council Secretariat if we are to be caught off guard by another humanitarian disaster.
We will set up a crisis centre at Commission level as an operational technical area with the centre dealing with these types of situations in the High Representative's policy unit.
I think there is an umbilical cord between contempt for human rights, contempt for habeas corpus, contempt for all the usual norms of good governance, tyranny and environmental degradation.
The up-to-date figures on the scale of the disaster are frightening, as the Commissioner has already pointed out: about a million people are displaced, more than a hundred thousand people on the roofs of houses or on the tops of trees waiting for some helicopter to rescue them.
We have always supported ECHO, its policies and actions, including those which have been questioned by certain bodies, because we believe that solidarity should be the hallmark of the European Union's external action.
This is the first of my recommendations.
I would also like to congratulate Mr Hudghton on his report and support the amendments he made to the original proposal on the issue of compensation and incentives for the production of a vaccine.
Before we rush to duplicate the Norwegian slaughter policy, we should try other measures to see if we can mitigate the disaster.
This intergovernmental fisheries organisation, of which the European Union is a member, is responsible for the conservation of tuna and related species in the Atlantic Ocean and adjacent seas, including the Mediterranean Sea; it was set up in March 1969 and is formally required to meet every two years, although the standard is to meet every year, making its decisions on the basis of scientific advice.
I have just checked how the European Union finances with ERDF resources the construction of a chemical and hydrocarbon smelter in Vilagarcia, Galicia, in a facility that employs only three workers, as opposed to what is laid down in the EC directive on environmental impact assessment in a river like Arousa, where 26 000 people live on seafood.
The closure of all this will undoubtedly be the urgent adoption of measures to mitigate the damage done and to prevent its recurrence in the future.
Thanks to the mobilisation on the ground, which our House followed up with the organisation of an altercation and the adoption of a resolution on 20 January, a first set of measures was announced.
The use of benchmarking methods and best practice, recommended by the Commission, in turn requires a great deal of openness at European level in areas which are not part of business secrecy.
The growth in the media, mobile phones and computer programmes has failed to compensate for the loss of jobs in the telecommunications and electronics industries, nor for the effects of the rationalization of information technologies in other economic sectors.
First, they will look at the best way to equip the European Union so that it can cope with the broader effects of globalization of trade.
The European Social Fund and national governments should continue to finance rehabilitation programmes for drug addicts, promote higher standards of adult literacy and work against early school leaving.
The exorbitant profits made in the world finance casino seem to have no inflationary impact.
I therefore believe that investment should be made in computers for schools, in broadband for low-density regions, in public technology libraries and in the public sector, which should be strengthened rather than reduced.
Mr President, five million solid waste items are discharged from ships every day.
During a very recent spot check in the eastern part of Finland, 62 heavy vehicles were inspected by police and technical inspection authorities.
We cannot wait for a White Paper, because there are already too many things in the Commission's queue that may need to be reconsidered, while others need to be implemented more quickly and clearly.
Then, if the text of the common position is not amended, consumers will have to use a magnifying glass to look for the composition of chocolate products.
All right, everyone will send their own chocolate bar home.
Indeed, when the cracks in the carcass were officially welded, they continued to reach the oil sheet beaches, which either demonstrated leaks or which ships passing nearby used to clean their tanks or both at the same time.
In fact, when certain communications and espionage systems are condemned, we must guarantee the rights of the citizen in the face of new European institutions in development, certify the rights of the citizen through parliamentary control, but also the rights of the consumer in the face of new techniques of marketing via the Internet.
This situation creates a gap in the connection with fundamental rights and this gap must naturally be closed.
The victory of these ideas and the end of the totalitarian period that marked some European societies have created a new situation to which it is imperative to respond.
The Regulation on the ecolabel represents a link between economic interests and ecological interests, so that one group aims mainly to impose strict ecological criteria, while the other focuses mainly on the marketing component inherent in the ecolabel.
The moral of this story is clear: in order to compete in the global market, organic products must be at least as efficient as alternative products, because only then can they go beyond the market segment they already occupy and penetrate the global market.
This will increase the formation of methane as a result of the decay of organic waste and accelerate the greenhouse effect.
As I have already said, the Commission accepts the proposed limit of 500 milligrams for nitrogen oxides in new cement kilns.
To save time, I shall assume that the respiratory and health problems associated with ozone are consensual and that all Members of this House want to solve them.
In July 1995, Strasbourg was sighing under the smoke of summer.
The fight against acidification, eutrophication and smoke formation requires a reduction in emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, ammonia and volatile organic compounds.
In essence and ultimately, will the Commissioner be willing to seek compromise solutions if the commitments made by the Government or the measures being taken by the Governments take longer than would be desirable to take effect?
We live in the hope that the 20th century, when Europe has been bloodthirsty, will give way to a 21st century in which the strength, genius and enthusiasm of humanity will be used to build a fairer, more peaceful and more sustainable world.
The strength and ability of that country to advance its wicked ends is comparable only to its determination not to find the missing prisoners.
In quantitative terms, because it affects millions of people, and in qualitative terms, because it threatens the very existence of this very different group of the population.
Or will the Western scientist's incisive criticism of the European Union's contemptuous attitude towards asylum seekers of Roma ethnicity be relevant?
It is a mixture of Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, which in itself is a sensational mixture, but it adds that this club does not participate in the specialised deliberations.
We should express our gratitude to the Estonians and Latvians for having managed to maintain the necessary calm despite everything and for being receptive to our assertions in adapting their legislation to European standards.
In particular, that the future of waste disposal cannot depend on the search by local authorities from north to south and from east to west for new sites for landfills.
Making all types of incineration plants subject to the same requirements may have the effect of discouraging the sorting of waste and thus making it difficult to recycle and reuse, including composting organic waste.
Well, here's a concrete way to illustrate the issue by following, for example, the path of a chocolate bar packaging from the trash can to the incineration plant, where we can find that burning aluminum foil produces toxic gases.
We also know that European cinema, especially those produced in the languages of smaller countries, has difficulty in achieving a film production as large as would be desirable.
The most serious violations concern the systematic use of torture, illegal detentions, missing persons, executions by paramilitary squads, the detention of trade unionists, the prohibition of strike and the denunciation of forced sterilization in Guerrero State.
It is up to politicians to ensure that Europe has this high-income infrastructure that enables the supply and demand for high-quality communications services, from the telephone to the television to the personal computer.
It opens up a global marketplace and makes almost unlimited information available to everyone who has access to a computer screen.
Does the honourable Commissioner have any input on this, on what to do at this stage, when these balloon companies in this area explode, so as not to be the taxpayers who pay, as happens, for example, in banking crises?
The problem of possibly encrypting the situation of juvenile offenders can be dealt with later in one of the many reports this Parliament can produce.
The annual report on respect for human rights in the European Union is usually the occasion for a rather afflictive increase in political correctness .
There are, however, two faces to this political narrative of war and suffering, and I think we should try to better understand the causes of the conflict between Russia and Chechnya so that in the future we can help to end the bloodshed more quickly.
What is strange is that in the European Union we still have little idea that we also have this means and that we really should also refuse entry to Serbian football thugs, who are people who also take the most horrible advantage of the Milosevic regime.
At the next meeting of the Conference of the Parties to CITES in Nairobi, Kenya, there is a danger that wrong decisions will be made, and once again we jump to the plate to avoid it.
Only the Dutch Minister then voted in favour of protecting the elephant.
But on the other hand, contrary to the Haarder report, which we are voting on this morning, the report in question is radically demagogic and lacks legal rigidity.
On the other hand, the food problems that have arisen in the European Union have been caused by the feeding of herbivorous cattle with animal products, and if we do not embark on and encourage the feeding of cattle with plant proteins, such as legumes, farmers will continue to use animal flour, under pressure from the strong competition to which they are subject.
We should not start the legislative process on the grounds of suspension but on the grounds of adaptation to the new rules agreed jointly.
We must not make the mistake, which we often make in this House, of believing that the only alternative to EU action is some kind of anarchy in which no nation exchanges opinions with another.
We want to show them that it is not compulsory to suffer in a confrontation that runs through the entire budgetary process, as in the tragedy that took place last year.
To remedy this methodological inconsistency, we have proposed a change that develops this suggestive concept.
However, in this country, there is a sort of forensic lottery, an expression used by some academics, since many people can't get any compensation, while some get huge compensations.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, yesterday an American judgment awarded nothing less than $44 million in damages to nicotine victim Leslie Whiteley.
We must not forget that many Europeans are feeding, as it were, the oil of this terrible plague of the year 2000.
In fact, there is a phenomenon of habituation - dare I say it - in the consumer who, once present on television, in the hospitality channels - even here in Strasbourg or in Brussels - in all the magazines, in the windows of the kiosks, of pornographic incitement, is necessarily led, sooner or later, to seek, as with drugs, ever stronger sensations.
The reason for this refusal is not clear to me, since it is the first launching pad, the first place of concrete assistance, the acceleration of the process and the promotion of the integration of refugees.
To date, the financial statement does not contain any clear statement for the period after 2001.
More than twenty years ago, the discovery of female sex hormones in baby food bottles was the direct cause of the hormones directives of 1981 and 1985, which were later re-adopted in 1988.
The benefit to the consumer is that ground carrots will look fresh when they are not.
It is unequivocal to say that the very criteria of the tenders for certain posts, which were previously made public, were manifestly disregarded in order to lead certain persons to those posts.
And from a political point of view, you should think about the significance of the fact that we are offering this candy even more to the Council.
In fact, the Court of Justice of the European Communities made this clear again in its recent judgment a few weeks ago on the reduction by half or even the abolition of cash fines in the cement cartel case.
Unfortunately , there are an excessive number of champagne delegations .
Over the past few weeks, there has been a great deal of media coverage of Parliament's own finances.
Otherwise, Internet users who, while browsing, inadvertently land on a child pornography page could also be subject to criminal penalties.
Question: Does the astronomical price of the rights to the next generation of mobile phones, which are currently being auctioned in England, correspond to the interests of future consumers?
It's like putting a fake label on a product, since the formalities don't match the content.
Concern over the way the summit was being prepared - it was not even on the agenda for the current semester - with moments of confusion, suspense and plenty of rumors, incompatible with the seriousness and rigor that should be expected of the European Union and the importance of this historic meeting, the first at the highest level between the top leaders of Europe and the African continent.
Europe must now also commit itself to the prevention and resolution of armed conflicts, to humanitarian aid to respond to hunger situations and to the treatment of diseases such as AIDS and malaria that are killing the African population.
For these poor people, what does this mean? Most of them live in the woods, they have no knowledge, they don't even have the efficient means to grow, harvest, process and pack their little produce.
I do not mean to give a complete picture of the situation in Zimbabwe, but this is an important point.
I cannot confirm the veracity of the BBC television report.
The first impression is that, at the level of the media, there is now a kind of joy in Turkey in relation to the European Union.
There are some colleagues who shout at the microphone - although the microphone is exactly what prevents this from happening - and at this point you hear almost nothing from the headphones.
In addition, it seems uselessly punitive for the regions and for the different orientations of the Socialists and the Conservatives, who stubbornly maintain the limit of 700 deputies even after the enlargement to 20 states.
It still amazes me that this Parliament, which wants to be the champion of respect for the rights of minorities when it comes to others, forgets this approach when it has to decide on the institutional architecture of our own house.
Secondly, I would like to say that, as regards questions of political responsibility, the Council does not take lessons in political responsibility and refuses to be pressured by something that has much more to do with domestic chicanery at the level of Portuguese national policy than with fundamental issues.
In this regard, I propose that an independent and prestigious international committee of experts be established urgently to assess the situation with international organizations and to implement urgently a number of proposals and initiatives on food and health aid, acting now, planning for the future and making available to non-governmental organizations all our humanitarian artillery.
A domino effect .
Three mayors of cities in northeastern Turkey belonging to the same party were also arrested on charges of collaborating with the PKK.
The strategy implicit in pension funds is essentially aimed at draining savings into financial markets.
On the other hand, citizens should enjoy the same degree of trust and protection in transactions, both online and offline.
In all this, the use of e-commerce, the network and new technologies must be a good platform for action.
But the problem with European campaigns - and fortunately I have not been a politician for long enough to not know how ordinary citizens view them - is that they often do not go beyond a glamorous façade that attracts the eye but which, by the way, conveys little content.
The danger of a Europe of free choice is that the basic idea of European cooperation is empty of content.
The report calls for liberalization to be extended to other sectors, such as the pharmaceutical market and the reduction of tax pressure on employment, showing that the measures adopted open the appetite for greater liberalization of capital and profits, with extremely serious repercussions for the whole social protection system.
This amendment of the Regulation would give the Commission competence to amend the list of goods not covered by the so-called Annex I. The Commission already has this competence in respect of agricultural products such as cereals, sugar, rice and eggs.
As a Portuguese I would be shocked if one of these measures were adopted under the auspices of my country's Presidency of the European Union.
Farther away, in southwestern France, my parents enjoyed for days at a time the soft light of the oil lamp that I had once offered them.
The right way is not to ban, but to create incentives, to create supports, when airlines, for their part, put at their disposal modern fleets that consume less carbon and produce less noise pollution by reducing emissions.
As for the question put by Mrs Hautala, I would simply say that none of the nominations announced today have been submitted to a jury and there is a simple legal explanation for this.
It would be as absurd as holding the owner of a coffee shop responsible for controlling what customers say at the table.
Even if this again deserves criticism from the Committee on Budgets, it is of no use to deliver food aid to the ports of a country if it cannot be distributed to the most remote areas, by truck or plane, to reach the people who are hungry and in need.
The explosion of a fireworks depot has killed at least sixteen people, injured more than six hundred, six of whom are in serious condition, and several people are still reported missing.
On May 7 last, the most brutal and blind terrorism hit Spain again with the murder of José Luis López de Lacalle, journalist and co-founder of the Ermua Forum, a peaceful movement of intellectuals in the Basque Country.
This new and impressive, when Africa and the European countries meet on a new and shared plan and look ahead, rather than being stuck in colonial times, presupposes a democratic and reconciled South Africa.
Objective: Precarious employment and job loss in Spain and the region of Murcia The Lisbon Summit made a commitment to full employment and quality of employment in the EU.
According to a study recently published by the European Environment Agency, transport is responsible for almost 30% of the total emissions of the European Union, and the level of carbon dioxide emissions from this sector is expected to increase by 39% by 2010 compared to 1990.
Clearly, this synthetic euro included currencies such as the Italian lira, but the logic is the same if applied in isolation to the powerful German mark.
National differences represent a considerable handicap for the development of rail transport in Europe, despite the numerous advantages this means of transport offers in terms of sustainable development, pollution and safety.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the launch of the Soviet Union's first artificial satellite in 1957 marked the beginning of unusual research and at the same time the beginning of a new era for humanity.
Well, in the United States, an illustrious retired astronaut, John Glenn, went into space at the age of 69.
At that time, the courage, the love of freedom and the determination of the Slovenian people and their President best met the threats of violence.
In this perspective, they attack the latest report of the International Labour Office (ILO) on trafficking in women and prostitution, as well as the work of Lin Lean Lim, which highlights the need for a statute to protect prostitutes, or call Europe a hooker on the pretext that some countries are trying to apply non-abolitionist legislation in this regard.
(SV) It is absolutely essential that Community telecommunications legislation and regulations are updated in line with the explosive developments taking place globally in digital and mobile communications.
I just heard that a delegation from the Municipal Assembly of Munich, capital of the federal state of Bavaria, is in the hallway.
For us, we want to make clear that freedom of religion is a fundamental civil liberty, which cannot be questioned or jeopardized or compromised, as is the case with some of the proposals under consideration.
The posture is easy.
Mr President, our rapporteur, Mrs Buitenweg, deserves a medal for her excellent report as well as for the competent way in which she conducted the consultations and negotiations.
We cannot say exactly what the situation is at the moment, as a total media blackout is in place as part of a set of restrictive laws passed in May.
However, in the case of the white gambit, now included for the first time, the 24 millimetres long shell appears a bit excessive and could cause problems for fishermen.
Fifteen people in military uniform occupied half the bar of the deputies, holding a meeting there.
The company in question has transported thousands of visitors here in the last ten years.
We've seen their pain and we've seen that terrorists don't just naturally target people who kill, they end up killing their entire environment.
The proceedings relate to a demonstration organised by Mr Brie and his supporters in September 1998, when he and eight others unveiled and displayed a poster at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin in protest against the gap between rich and poor.
Or in cases where the words were accompanied by acts, such as when a stone was thrown and an aerosol containing an acid was used against the President of the United States.
The expressions used, such as light, ultra-light, low tar content, etc., are incorrect.
I therefore propose that the directive differentiate between pipe tobacco and cigarette tobacco as regards the size of the warning signs: a smaller surface area, allowing contrasting colours as well, and not just black and white.
But this is where we begin to slip into irrealism, Pharisaism and integralism.
We do not do the same with heroin or cocaine users.
And if we compare the impositions we are under under in the case of mad cow disease, how can we imagine that nothing is done about the 500 000 deaths per year from smoking in Europe?
Looking at things from another perspective, labelling has a marginal and temporary impact, no matter what the print is and no matter what the words are, and there is the danger of a specific mindset associated with cigarette cards emerging that leads to different messages becoming collectibles.
In particular, the Spanish and Portuguese outermost regions of the Canary Islands, the Azores and Madeira are geographically close to the Cape Verde archipelago, which forms part of the same geographical area, Macaronesia.
Vodka consumption continues as before and now until wine is drunk on top of vodka, which means total consumption is increasing.
The current basic Regulation provides that all companies are required to provide information for statistics on the classification of goods and to use the combined terminology, which comprises more than 10 500 subdivisions.
The issues that raised the most problems were women's right to sex education, free abortion and safe sex to protect themselves from HIV and AIDS.
That is why, as a Portuguese and a European, I can only raise high expectations for the next European Council that it is not just a calendar obligation or a transitional compass.
In this regard, it makes perfect sense for the European Parliament to take a stand, since it has always declared itself a hero of democracy in Latin America and elsewhere.
Fruits of hard bark and maple
At the beginning of the 1990s, a major scandal broke out in Italy when criteria were released by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Ministry of Health which concealed the true data on overdose deaths: of course, it is more convenient for politicians to say that a young person died in the street of a heart attack than to acknowledge that he died of overdose and therefore also as a result of the policies applied.
This dramatic disappearance of men and women who, like the two young Guineans who died last summer on the way to a European plane landing, put all their hope in Europe, cannot help but arouse the most intense emotion.
However, we must recognize that the Union, under its institutional cloak, remains in stereotypes while certain voices from European policy makers make known through the press the different ideas that European citizens follow, without however being able to participate in any reflection.
The proposed extension of the directive to a new range of businesses and professions seems both dangerous and embarrassing: dangerous because it can threaten the privileged relationship between lawyer and client, which is essential for ensuring access to justice in civil society; and embarrassing because, in theory, this directive can now reach the jewellery industry in our area.
As the European People's Party, we therefore support the fact that this directive should extend the scope of qualified crime to all areas of organised crime, from which these profits are derived, and to all professions and sectors which can be used illicitly or which can be intentionally involved.
In particular, the Political and Security Committee, which will replace the Political Committee, should gradually become the mastermind of the CFSP, with the support of Javier Solana.
From here on, union, according to the old saying that union makes force, is the only way to preserve, in the future, these cultures, these identities, in the face of the multipolar world that is developing today and that we see everywhere.
At the same time, we recognize without any problem that the EU cannot go around the world patronizing or guiding others with an attitude of superiority, because there needs to be dialogue.
Fourteen Kurds were suffocated in the basements of a boat that caught fire in Patras.
Non-EU countries, for their part, saw their movements trapped in the Schengen scheme and the picture of zero immigration.
In such a caricatural case, the first possible response at our level is to fight illegal immigration and particularly the mafia-like organizations that organize this new human trafficking.
Now, when I hear your speech, I have the impression that I have been invited, not to a session of Parliament, but to an elegant and lively colloquium.
It looks more like a reproduction of the 2000 budgetary procedure.
I would like to think that if the Council were to receive a proposal from the Commission, it would express strong support for digital radio.
This means that the Commission spends the money of European taxpayers to handle the population.
According to multiple and agreed sources, it is undeniable that this global disregard for all telephone signals has already had considerable economic and commercial effects, to the detriment of European companies such as Alcatel and Airbus, which have lost large markets to American multinationals, beneficiaries of insider information obtained fraudulently and criminally.
It is only through sweetness that we would dare to designate as a safe harbor the stronghold of the immune monopolies whose very rapid formation, expansion and unlimited action is facilitated in the pure imperialism of cyberspace that is being announced.
Only people who have no ideas never change their minds, so it would be strange if the Commission had no room for manoeuvre.
This is not the case with the Mufti's plan for the COREPER programme, who have nothing to say because they would have to say that they agree with Parliament's sensible proposals.
In this sense, the networked cellular organization of the European territory must be preserved and enriched in a certain way.
I would also like to draw attention to my request that in the future we should not only be concerned with what citizens breathe, but also with what workers breathe who, for example, deal precisely with petrol and carbon monoxide.
We urge the UK Government to immediately tow that hardware out of the bay and repair it in England, where we assume they must at least have adequate facilities.
The enclosed inhabitants of Fiji expect the European Union, which they see as a preacher of democracy and racial equality, to intervene in their relief.
In the Solomon Islands, a puppet vote in Parliament brought to power a new Prime Minister, elected by force of arms.
The oil-for-food programme provides that all imported goods will have to go through the scrutiny of the exemption committee; contracts worth millions of dollars are blocked for years for fear of double use: medicines, spare parts, sanitary equipment and graphite pencils cannot go through.
Parliament therefore calls for a flexible approach to this sector so that it can gain a better position in terms of prices.
The mode of transport we are talking about here, short-distance maritime transport - short-distance maritime transport - has a reputation for being a mode of transport that can - in more than one respect - offer a solution to the problems facing the transport sector, such as the occupation of vital space and pollution of the environment.
It was predictable that a beehive with such a high amount of hazardous substances near a nature park like Doñana could cause such an accident at any time.
It simply means adding to the fifteen diplomatic bodies another, more or less competent one, composed of officials of the European Union, or perhaps, as is already the case today, the Commissioner Patten's entourage, composed of national diplomats, perhaps from more countries than others.
Training should be able to be provided as complementary training, for example, or workplace training.
Similarly, the recent decision to distribute free of charge an antiretroviral molecule, nevirapine, which is effective in preventing mother-child transmission, has just given credibility to the importance of this agreement, as it proves that, in addition to the advertising nature of its action, the pharmaceutical industry can actually have an effective share.
The action plan in favour of Albania, to which you refer, is an action plan for Albania and the neighbouring region of the High Level Working Party on Asylum and Migration, adopted by the General Affairs Council on 13 and 14 June.
Then they removed the fish from the trucks, sprayed it with gasoline or similar products in order to irreversibly damage it, and threatened it.
Nor was it by chance that the same Tony Blair proposed the free dissemination of the decoder, anticipating a double advantage: on the one hand, for the economy, and, on the other, for the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
Mr Veltroni knows that in Italy there has been a fifty-year diatribe between liberals, Sturzo, Ernesto Rossi, and those who want cinema to continue to be subsidized.
The digital revolution will clearly open up new ways of exploiting audiovisual works: on-demand video, for example, online.
I asked the Ministers of Education to do whatever was necessary, each in his own country, to grant supplements and advantages to Erasmus students, so as to offer those who are not lucky enough to have a generous daddy or a generous grandmother the possibility to travel.
We don't have to be the first to pull the gun.
Socialists regret this kind of vote, which looks more like a Russian roulette than a serious parliamentary job.
The arbitrary distinction between cloning for reproductive and non- reproductive purposes is a semantic trick.
The mechanism in place allows for the progressive modification of a list of priority substances every four years, namely the priority substances whose quantity will have to be reduced and the dangerous priority substances which will have to be eliminated.
In my view, trying to safeguard the environment by simply stopping the growth of the aviation sector and the airline industry is not a valid option that we can consider.
To proceed otherwise would mean a waste of resources, because the development of a new tyre sample takes on average three to four years.
I think that the exclusion of oriental carpets is ideal, because I think it is positive that flexibility in favour of art and aesthetics is part of the spirit of a legislative machinery that often forgets the little and the details.
This afternoon, I will be meeting with the heads of UEFA and a delegation from the national leagues.
Indeed, the first doping death of a cyclist after taking drugs occurred in 1896.
The introduction of the safe doping logo and an indication on all pharmaceutical products would be a good measure, and a more active prevention policy would also be a positive factor.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I am speaking today on the Zabell and Mennea reports in my dual capacity as Member of the European Parliament and President of a professional basketball club which competes in major European competitions.
As regards heavy metals, the Council and Parliament have determined that vehicles placed on the market after 1 July 2003 should not contain heavy metals such as cadmium, lead and hexavalent chromium.
In many cities, bicycles and rail transport have been gaining more space, while freedom for the automobile is restricted.
Science has always had two faces: what is discovered can be used in our favor or against us, from the beginning: the wheel is used to move faster or to kill someone; the gun is used to defend or attack; atomic energy is used to make us feel better or to create atomic bombs.
I remember your time as a great speedster and my satisfaction that there was someone from a European country who could break American dominance.
In order to accelerate dismantling operations, the European Union is supporting the design, construction and licensing of a tank for the transport and storage of spent and damaged fuel, derived from the operation of submarines and nuclear icebreakers and currently stored in primitive conditions.
It is the world's second-largest drug producer after Colombia, which dissolved Parliament, ordered the execution and imprisonment of numerous Members of Parliament, imposed forced labour on minority groups, particularly in the construction of infrastructure, and, despite all this, could benefit from investments, including from European countries such as the French oil company Total and the Dutch hydraulic industry.
To all this is now added a bloodbath in the rural community of La Unión, the third in three years.
We have long complained about the register, especially the forest register and forest maps, which must be supported above all else, and obviously we understand that any other development and investment measures should integrate the forest as a forest and not as an object of consumption and thus enable the populations living in the forest to remain.
Much attention was drawn to hardware but little to this computer program called training.
The Commissioner also said that we have to act as a united front, but what we really found is that each of the countries has contracted the French flu.
The Union must give them the freedom to choose their respective policies in a sovereign and relevant way: energy savings, complementary renewable energy, the rebalancing of freight with rail and river transport, the development of public transport and the breakdown of rural isolation.
For this reason, I am of the opinion that even demonstrations will not lead to anything, since it is not possible to take from a lemon more juicy than it contains.
And this puzzle goes through the revision of the Dublin Convention, through the decision we have today taken to propose a directive on minimum standards for the common asylum procedure, and also, including, the technical preparation work for the Eurodac system, which has not stopped, which continues and which, of course, can only be put into practice when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
We were forced to move forward with it, and there is no better example of this than the altercation we had about the so-called targeted website, which is a contradiction in terms, since the Net is a point-to-point indicator for the network, and to argue that a page can be directed to one and not to another is proof of language ease, commercial absurdity and technological illiteracy.
I would also ask the Council and the Commission to consider in their work whether it would be sensible to consider this reimbursement mechanism which the Palace Commissioner has included again in her proposal to amend this report.
Consider the frightening yet daily and continuing example of gold mining in French Guiana, which vandalizes large areas of forest and is deadly to flora, fauna and indigenous peoples: mercury flows into their soil, sap and blood.
Older people are accustomed to writing with their handwriting - beautiful handwriting - when they can, they are accustomed to the old systems of data retention, and they fear that, as all their data is collected by the bodies responsible for public pensions, sooner or later any electronic initiative against them could lead to less protection of their sphere of civil rights.
Mr Moscovici, it is indeed a little monstrous that the Heads of State and Government want to define the rights of defence against the State.
The results of the negotiations have so far been disappointing and negative: as far as we know, there is not yet a single point of the 75 unanimous votes on which there is a total agreement, and for the first time in Italy, a recent report indicates that one of the most important regions, the Northeast, is declining consensus on Europe.
Today, Romano Prodi has erected a real wall against these actions, which I hope Mr Moscovici has understood well, and I really hope that in the Council in Nice and Biarritz this trend will be halted and reversed.
Let us all applaud Romania for the Olympic gold, silver and bronze medals it has won in the last two weeks.
It is very important, then, that this is not a flag of convenience, but that all the measures prescribed in the acquis are in fact applied, so that security is written in capital letters.
This may involve simply setting the switches one meter lower, but for a wheelchair user, this can be crucial to getting a job.
In my country, I need to get a license to own a hunting lodge, but not to set up a tent in my backyard and establish myself as a gun dealer.
Target: Condemned to death by stoning Maryam Ayubi for adultery Is the Commission aware that last July, Maryam Ayubi, 30, was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery under the Iranian Penal Code, based on Islamic Sharia?
Little, since in most cases, children know how to handle the device better than adults, and it is to this extent that in this assembly we have to be deeply concerned with how we can improve things.
The experience gained by these young people effectively contributes to broadening their knowledge of different cultures, strengthens their professional background, their language skills, stimulates their familiarity with the ideological heritage and increases their chances in the labour market.
The creation of a common customs office was one of the great achievements of this European construction.
This is certainly the case with a proposal which aims to put an end to discrimination on grounds of sex in this directive and which provides for the use of a tie only for male staff.
I know that to go from a military posture to a maintenance posture, it takes a force capable not so much of triggering the violence of its weapons to capture a target but of controlling that violence.
Mr President, we cannot talk today about Croatia without associating it with its neighbouring country, Serbia, where the population is finally freeing itself from the authoritarian group that rules it.
A rotating system of this kind leads to a serious weakening of the Commission's position, which is precisely what we do not want.
On the other hand, it is time for enhanced cooperation to disintegrate Europe's unity in another direction, to lead us to a mosaic of intergovernmental cooperation.
If we want to improve - and that is our purpose for implementation - then we naturally need these places.
I do not want Europe to remain a political dwarf, let alone a new war in the Western Balkans, less than 1500 kilometres away.
I should like to mention one of them, which was registered in Spain, rapeseed oil - still with sequels, which have been going on for more than 20 years - but also BSE, dioxins and this last worrying scandal in the United States, where it seems that the use of non-consumable GM corn in the manufacture of foodstuffs has taken place.
In other words, at the table of the European House, some could choose by letter, but others would have to take the day's food.
In particular, we are thinking of sending fuel to that country for gasoline engines and for heating, not only to keep the plants running, but also to power the urban heating plants.
Mr President, Commissioner, I congratulate you on the debate on climate change in Europe and in the world, which gives us an opportunity to recall the real cyclone that has swept much of Europe.
Finally, as regards international cooperation and the exchange of information, the Commission is organising a workshop on endocrine disruptors to take place in the first half of 2001 and to be sponsored, inter alia, by the World Health Organization.
There has been a worldwide fisheries orgy which has affected all regions (and the Irish Sea is no exception) and the results are devastating.
It proposes a certain reduction in the size of the firm that the system has been so far.
The objective should be a single payment area, where cross-border payments should be subject to the same conditions and costs for internal transfers.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, each of us has in mind our own list of recurring disappointments, against which we can do nothing, but which we have to deplore from time to time to prove that we do not comply and that impotence does not always, at least for now, rhyme with indifference.
In Berlin, the Albanians were almost swept off the table, they were not considered, and in the 20th century they suffered a lot under one of the most terrible ideologies of the 20th century, that is, under socialism and communism in a particularly ferocious version.
And I am speaking of the European Union and not just two of its parts, as some Members have suggested: European solidarity cannot be a vain word or have only one meaning, and it no longer occurs when it comes to more concentrated problems in Portugal and Spain...
Mr President, I shall raise my voice to denounce the injustice we have just heard, an injustice, as we have heard, which has been going on for 12 years.
I can, however, say that the final balance was undoubtedly a great spectacle on the part of the Council, but that the amendments we proposed and which this House approved by a large majority were not, in their essence, accepted.
Without neglecting the fisheries, Madam President, I take the view that we, the three interveners, will work together to ensure a positive development in the future.
At a time when institutional change is committed to the adoption of the Charter, all those who, like me, aspire to a European Constitution and believe that the Charter can serve as a framework for the preamble to that Constitution should demand that the European Parliament vote on its content as part of its normal parliamentary intervention, that is, its deliberation on the substance.
Turkey should also integrate the concept of the environment, in particular in projects such as the construction of large dams, which will necessarily have implications for the hydraulic operation of neighbouring countries.
Two concrete proposals were also adopted, namely the round table on globalisation and the 4300 fellowship programme, totalling US$25 million.
A good example of this behaviour is the attitude that EU Member States continue to have towards immigrants from these and other countries, creating in many of them a sense of insecurity and the threat of expulsion, not granting them the same rights as other workers, and maintaining a favela of second-class citizens, victims of modern slavery.
Moreover, I must say that I am conditioned by the subject, because the President reminds me of a hospital doctor, wearing a white robe, a stethoscope and a hammer to hit the patient's knee.
In addition, the placing on the market of beef from a herd in which a clinical case of BSE was found has raised public concerns about the adequacy of controls to protect public health.
It seems to me essential to have a European-level think tank composed of representatives of NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament, who would participate in an annual round table.
As a feminist and pacifist, committed with other women to building relationships and bridges of peace rather than conflict, I found in the report the richness of many experiences women have had in recent years in building peace, which is not only the absence of war but recognition of economic and social justice.
We see a country whose people are free, whereas at the summit the elders are stubbornly holding on to what they know.
In particular, the unexpectedly rapid growth of Protestant Christianity among the Hmong minorities in the mountainous northwestern provinces caused alarm in Hanoi, prompting them to take repressive measures.
The documents now released are, therefore, nothing more than a smoking gun.
The most prudent criteria adopted seem to me to be correct, but other aspects of the matter must also be taken into account, in particular the solvency ratio, which is a weighting parameter by type of counterparty that approximates the credit risk inherent in a bank's asset.
I can assure my Irish colleagues that the proposal on the vineyard is being made with full knowledge of the Euro wine directive and that it is likely to go in the direction of guidelines similar to those already in force in many of the current Member States of the European Union, as Commissioner Vitorino explained.
The experience we have had and still have today, particularly in the Balkans, shows that Europeans - thanks to their historical experience, rich in conflicts, their understanding of subtleties and sometimes of rural areas and clashes between communities - can develop valid and respectable knowledge and methods of conflict management.
Commissioner, we have a directive on end-of-life vehicles.
A defensive army therefore had no mission to perform outside the territory that had created it.
It is the best selling product in the European Union, but we know more about the contents of a bottle of compost and the formula of coca-cola than the average cigarette.
In this regard, history teaches us that it is dangerous to regard the goal to be achieved - however noble and worthy it may be - above the established rules.
However, I would like to expressly corroborate the statement made by one of the previous speakers, Mr Colom i Naval: the financial prospects are increasingly a force to be reckoned with.
Congratulations also to President Aznar, who played bingo during this Nice Council.
No, they have made Europe a bazaar of nationalist interests, of national interests.
300 tons of bacteria responsible for potato mildew continue to be stored for biological warfare, when a small portion is enough to cause death.
We have the national flag of Peter the Great next to the red flag for the army, we have the double czarist eagle as the national coat of arms next to the Stalinist national anthem.
And my question is why don't those people choose Marseilles or choose God save the queen as a melodious anthem of hope in something new, and turn back to a regime that many colleagues called inhuman, criminal, etc...
It's up to us to help the government walk that long rope to the other side of the abyss.
For a living artist, who sees his quotation consolidate and thus his production revalue, what counts is the buyer's dynamics and his sales potential.
We know how to stand as firmly in our position in favor of a mode of culture as the Americans know how to stand firm in their protectionist system for sugar, tobacco, gum or dairy.
Finally, in order to better highlight the burlesque disorder of representatives of universal suffrage, the report instructed the President of the European Parliament to forward his proposals to an Intergovernmental Conference which, at the time of this vote, is already closed.
Will they perhaps consider deleting their respective websites or pursuing their users, who will continue to download files from offshore sites?
In my opinion, reading the morning paper on the coffee shop floor is totally different from reading it on the computer screen in the study.
The coke industry employs a total of 70 000 people but this product represents only a marginal part of its costs, about 2%.
He is allergic to gluten and makes a great effort to maintain his diet.
The close link between the safety of our food and animal nutrition has been proven by the scandals of recent times, from dioxins and oil used in mixed feed to the production of animal flour and bone which, as we all know, can be a good carrier of protein if we resort to special production practices.
This gave rise to an incredible cacophony, which in turn led a majority of the members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs to have the right reaction to reject this immature text, so that it itself failed to produce any opinion.
In contrast, the privateers, to use a derogatory but realistic term, are in an advantageous position in this competitive world.
Please, let us be realistic about the idea of carrying this submarine, waiting for favourable weather conditions, and somehow transporting it to the UK.
The purpose of the UNESCO Convention deserves to be remembered: it is to preserve heritage, not just to inscribe it on a prestigious list.
The pressures of many bodies have brought the case of the electricity distribution stations in the Cyclades to the Council of State, the Supreme Administrative Court of my country, which, through a pioneering judgment, has once again recognized the aesthetic value of the landscape of these islands.
Given that I am not a big fan of the single European currency and much less of my country's entry into the single currency system, this report put me in a dilemma.
I should like to add that I contacted the Commission in August to ask for clarification on a specific comment on the report which stated that in August there would be some comments from SMEs in the form of their response to the report.
It will also be aware that they are dependent on annual funding, which means that they cannot make long-term planning of the kind suggested, so it is important for the Commission to consider these issues.
Since the Union as a whole is a global fisheries power and one of the largest markets for fishery products, it is important that it announces and assumes a role corresponding to its importance in the framework of international organisations and specifically regional fisheries organisations.
A sound, multiannual plan for the recovery of cod which includes technical and realistic conservation measures, a defence period for cod breeding areas and the dismantling of the largest and newest fishing vessels would certainly be more sensible than a plan which would allow for the continuation of industrial fishing in very limited areas and potentially lead to the bankruptcy of half of the Scottish fleet.
Finally, the excessive frequency of information to the European Parliament can be called into question even when it is only before the consultation procedure; however, in view of the future expansion of the arguments for co-decision, we believe that the Commission should not, in particular cases of both geographical importance and political impact, fail to keep Parliament informed immediately.
We spend almost 100 billion marks a year on agriculture.
Among the many missing persons are former Interior Minister Youri Zaherenko, former Deputy Speaker of Parliament Victor Gonchar, and Russian filmmaker Dmitri Zavadski.
In addition, the Cabin Crew Directive should now be incorporated into this Regulation.
This house responds very easily to all the phenomena that occur in different parts of the world, but it does not draw enough attention to this crop of lives that is recorded on European roads.
A car in a garage poses no danger; when used improperly, it is like a weapon.
We 're waiting for the so-called catchup effect .
It is therefore not surprising that, after the death of Pol Pot and the defeat of the Khmer Rouge, there is a need for a kind of national catharsis by enforcing justice and holding those responsible accountable.
Indeed, the South Caucasus is squeezed by the turnip of the regional powers - Russia and Turkey - and their conflicts of interest, and therefore military conflicts, from the Upper Karabakh plateau to the mountains of Chechnya, or from the regions of Abkhazia to South Ossetia.
If we do not create an effective brake and a solid barrier to everything that is against legality or democratic laws, it can only serve as a springboard to revive divisions, exasperations and even violence, which would nullify the efforts and dialogue that have been made so far.
The current way in which political Europe operates mechanically forbids geopolitical approaches, because in the absence of the smallest definition of a common good of Europe - I must say a European public report - it always favors, after the usual cockfights, the law of the strongest of the moment, which forces the rest of the Fifteen to evaluate their strategic options or to swallow their living frogs.
The mother, who left the village of Antis at 5 p.m., arrived at Ramallah hospital at 8:30 p.m. to take a road that takes about 40 minutes.
The problem is this: when in a territory we have a hundred, a hundred and fifty kilometers to cross, one more kilometer of concession can actually represent a more advanced trench to make war from a rotten peace.
Mr President, I am not interested in the colour of the bullets; whether they are Israeli, Iraqi or Turkish, I call on the European Union to report the bullet that kills a teenager.
But if you think about it, a person who has lived for 35 years in a refugee camp in zinc-plated huts, with bags in front of windows and doors, with no infrastructure, has very little faith in negotiations, especially if they've been going on without any success for seven years and even the UN resolutions are not recognized.
In short, this is a familiar situation, in a way, and I can only wish that you have the strength and nerves to keep the compass pointing in the right direction, knowing perfectly well that the task will not be easy.
How can a one and a half year delay in adjusting and adapting the Annexes be justified when there is a possibility for a scientific committee to notify the Commission, for example, of the introduction of a new hormone into the list set out in the Annexes?
It is clear from this point of view that the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is primarily concerned with creating favourable conditions for investment by the bourgeoisie of the imperialist powers.
I propose that instead of speaking very generically, as you have done so far, you put forward a concrete proposal in this context of reflection on the altercation, in which the Commission, based on the work carried out by the University Institute of Florence, proposes simplified, simple and understandable treaties which will prevent President Havel from having this bag of treaties, labels and annexes in his cabinet.
There are too many delays in the intervention of governments after the first reports many years ago of mad cows, steak, chicken with dioxins, and finally of all the food fraud that turned out to be not only commercial fraud but also ecological and sanitary bombs.
I also think that a government sometimes needs to be pedantic and sometimes boring: we try to be as little pedantic as possible, but they are bones of the craft.
I support this cause because I am convinced that the railways have a central role to play in solving the mobility problems facing the European Union.
The directive is also negative for the consumer, as it does not preclude the consumer from paying twice, the first time when buying a CD or a DVD, the second time through a fee.
And I ask you again: will you apply the guillotine method as a standard to farms with more than 90 heads without granting them any aid?
Mr President, I have already explained why only organic farms are considered with the possibility of cultivating cod - in fact, alfalfa is certainly included here too, and I see no problem with that.
In the United Kingdom, Ireland and elsewhere we have not followed the path of other Member States, namely to take the minimum recommended daily dose set by the American Government in 1943 to ensure that troops serving in Europe do not suffer from scurvy or beriberi, and to consider this as the basis for maximum intake before classification as medicine.
But as we negotiate the final outcome, I tell Parliament and the Commission that even an oversized berma at all bus stops can never be a complete solution to the problem of access.
I ask myself what would it mean in Austrian football language - where is the goal scored?
I am reading the English text and after the phrase their own past archive productions produced or commissioned the following should be added: no later than December 1996; continuing afterwards with: by them under their own editorial command .
It's not about mammoth centers of excellence.
(FR) Once again we are given here the recipe for chicken pie.
Madam President, Mr Prodi, President of the Commission, said that we must be able to punish even the best pupil in the classroom, as an enlightenment on the serious criticism of Ireland by the EU.
It took a lot of work to get to this point, and so I would first like to thank Neil Kinnock and his staff for their hard work in preparing these documents.
In this regard, do you consider appropriate the altruistic and responsible attitude which the new Fine Gael leader in my own country took in reducing his Ard Fheis to a Dublin conference in order to ensure that Ireland is not greatly affected by this problem?
Finally, the regulation of APIs and GEPs, as well as other related resources, in accordance with the procedure of a regulatory committee.
But talking about tuna in the North Atlantic necessarily implies taking into account what is happening in other regions as well, for example, in the Azores autonomous region, where we have just registered in 2000 the second year of a virtually zero tuna harvest.
This morning, Commissioner Patten gave us a clue as to how we should proceed, and I ask the Council of Ministers whether the imposition of the embargo is really essential to achieve the objective - which my political group fully supports - of preventing Iraq from arming itself with weapons of mass destruction.
It is not in vain that the interlocutor we have today is the fourth group in the world ranking in these subjects and also has a very significant growth potential.
I will have to give up tuna spaghetti, which I loved so much, but I invite myself and the pensioners who listen to me to stop eating tuna for a while until a technical means is found to prevent young, newborn tuna, who also have a right to life, from being caught along with adult tuna.
Structural aid to the rural world, for example, is covered by the green box and should not continue to be the subject of disputed negotiations within the WTO.
It is a parody of good financial management.
In your opinion, how does it feel to be an athlete who has just recovered from a serious illness and is sent into the boxing ring?
This is an opponent who is in the habit of hitting below the waistline, while the referee watched this behavior fearlessly and the table discussed how to score the doped athlete's blows, whether he should be awarded half points or whole points!
However, the carrier may also be a taxi driver who, for example in Sangatte or in the centre of Calais, picks up people who are transported across the border.
Regarding his commentary on teachers and students, there was a very famous man from the Neapolitan theatre - he was Neapolitan but also Italian and European - who said that the tests never end.
Turf promotes increased use of wood in power plants because co-incineration allows better combustion control, reduces corrosion problems and increases fuel security.
Member States may have letters in their hand and be prepared to put them on the table if they are required to do so in a conciliation procedure.
The delay of this directive and its subjecting to a lengthy conciliation process, that is to say, this poker game that has been discussed, would certainly be the worst alternative from an environmental point of view.
In essence, we seek to draw up a strategy and identify the key issues that require a political opinion, so that we can then refer the technical aspects to the Commission.
Who can explain to me to what extent secretaries of state working under their ministers will be able to legislate faster than the ECOFIN Council?
The other day, when I was traveling to Europe, I noticed that there were no carpets with disinfectant, no dogs sniffing if I was carrying some steak sandwich in my pocket, no one asking questions.
I do not know whether it is possible, as the honourable Member proposes, to extend this initiative by also opening up a discussion room.
In this regard, I would like to mention a famous phrase which says that a camel is a horse drawn by a committee, with many bosses, and Community legislation, camel legislation, camel legislation.
The growing controversy surrounding President Kutshma's direct involvement in the gruesome murder of journalist Georgiy Gongadze threatens to block the uncontested course of reforms of the Justshenko government.
On the German-Dutch border, the European Commission rightly closed the financial tap because the European hamster is threatened.
This letter clinges too much to the somewhat hollow rhetoric of possibilities, while Mr Purvis speaks in favour of small and mediumsized enterprises, which are so important to Europe.
Interested observers noted that this outrage was coming too late and could have manifested itself since the Taliban took power, due to the archaic and barbaric regime they established, disregarding the most basic rights of the Afghan people.
Don't you think they could, and perhaps should, be planning parachute launch operations?
However, these tensions did not manifest themselves under the cunning whip of the dictatorship, now exploding with sudden violence.
How long will toothpaste preserve its pleasant taste, and until when is it advisable to use a perfume or skin cream without risking tooth decay?
It's not PVC, but it's mostly vegetable, fruit and garden waste that produces chlorine compounds.
Thirdly, I think we should use the discharge weapon which this Parliament has selectively, and not the crude axe, as is sometimes claimed in this Parliament, but the scalpel of Mr Blak, with which we get better results.
The Commission's action to stimulate in a lasting way the coordination of research efforts at different levels, using the federative effect of the instruments provided for in the framework programme, is perfectly compatible with the agreements of the World Trade Organization, and the research activities targeted are of a very competitive nature.
For the replacement of animal flour in pig and poultry feed, crushed soybeans are considered first and foremost and crushed rapeseed and sunflower seeds, forage peas, beans, sprouts, but also cereals, although the protein content of cereals is relatively low.
However, this would create problems for traders, especially small and mediumsized enterprises which, after the banks close, for obvious security reasons, deposit their daily revenues in their bank vault.
In fact, the conclusion is that the amendment was worse than the sonnet.
And there is, of course, more: as far as I am concerned, Macedonia is the centre of the Balkan imposture, a nation with some signs of irrationality, with some philobulgars, with other philoserbs, with a large proportion of people who reside in the Republic of Macedonia established by Titus, with a strong Albanian minority.
At the same time, the violent confrontation between the Albanian guerrillas and a Macedonian elite patrol raises new questions about the effectiveness of the international military presence on both sides of the border between Macedonia and Kosovo.
Even if someone is willing to pay for such a device - it is not a large sum, but roughly the price of a calculator - in practice this is not possible.
Personally, I do not think that with Amendment No 7, which proposes that we have an absolutely universal system of microchips in accordance with the ISO standard, we can expect all animals equipped with a microcircuit to have this universal variety in the early stages.
It is true that it boasts the presence of Albanian ministers, but it does not do anything for the sake of collective equality, as it does in Belgium and Switzerland.
The following method must be bottom-up: in other words, political decisions must be taken somewhere, but they must be implemented not from the top down, but on the ground.
I still find it strange that nickel has been included in this list and that our approach to chemical families has unfairly placed fluoranthen alongside the other HPAs.
This fact has made me somewhat dislikeful of new technologies.
In France and Spain there are growing problems of adolescent intoxication associated with quarrels, violence, school absenteeism, theft and illicit drug use.
The labelling of precautionary warnings - going as far as comparative indications, for example, that one glass of cognac equals three glasses of beer, as I understood from Mrs Stihler's amendment - is of little use to me.
I ask that we move away from a blending of these three extremely important themes in this report.
We must also carefully consider the restrictions suggested regarding the competition venues, as there is a big difference between a 90 minute football game, even considering that there is a halftime break (and many clubs prohibit alcohol consumption on their fields, of course), and a cricket game that lasts all day, with breaks for lunch and lunch.
I just wanted to say that immediately after the elections in the Basque Country, when the vast majority of the Basque people said no to violence, this new attack, which aims to achieve freedom of expression, cannot but disturb and deeply upset us.
The Commission is also financing a project in Benin to strengthen a brigade for the protection of minors to promote more effective enforcement of legislation and raise public awareness of the issue.
When at the helm, you should not maneuver abruptly, but rather adjust the course with short but well-calculated movements.
The revision of this interventionist approach leads us to agree with the Commission and the strategic meaning of its document A new impetus for relations between the United States and the European Union.
We have followed the same pattern and made good progress in the fight against serious forms of organised crime.
The cultural demand for respect for the Tamazight language and culture has also been strongly expressed in this region, particularly since the Berber Spring of 1980.
Ethiopia is ruled by former members of the resistance who sometimes retain a certain Maquis mentality and who have, so to speak, some difficulty in sharing power with others.
He shall have this sticker with him when presenting his proposals and when voting for them with his partners and other members of the Governments of the Union.
Mr President, I recall that at a very early stage, even before the action plan was on the table, we had a conversation with the Commissioner in which we said that the Sixth Action Programme should be a short document - like a filipina - with clear priorities and objectives.
However, in my opinion, all this can be expressed in a much more objective, direct and precise way.
We also want the Commission, in cooperation with the automotive industry, to investigate ways of designing safer and easier-to-use airbag systems.
We sometimes think that we are in the front line, but the reality is not quite that: there are still a lot of changes to be made.
However, think, Mr President, of one who was elected to the Italian Parliament and took part yesterday in the first sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, a beautiful, nice and famous Italian television presenter, Gabriella Carlucci - who is now Mrs Gabriella Carlucci - who has already thrown herself from the top of a crane with an elastic strap on her foot.
The question under consideration at this time, the exploitation of minors, which is visible in both the most developed and least developed societies, must be addressed both in legal terms as it is now, and in terms of general sociology and the development of society.
In the present case, it was a question of whether we could provide adequate support in the legal proceedings between Pernod/Ricard and Bacardi, respectively, a Cuban-European detention and an American-European company.
The millionaire will pay his tax at exactly the same rate as the most underpaid.
The issue of silicone gel breast implants is a sensitive one and, as many speakers have said, this alteration was necessary for a long time.
The 1996 Convention on the compensation of losses resulting from the maritime transport of harmful and dangerous substances and the 2000 Convention on Civil Liability for losses resulting from pollution by hydrocarbons transported in basements are not applied nor even ratified.
It should be noted that the crisis has never turned into a widespread riot and has remained essentially confined to military operations.
It is not, it seems to me, a question of deflecting our models, our concepts, of irretrievably condemning certain attitudes, but of analysing, understanding, monitoring, without, however, tolerating what is not acceptable.
There he stood, a servant, with a Jewish scarf on his head, in front of the monument to the - well note! - fictitious Holocaust of the Jewish people during World War II.
Hindi and Sikh minorities are required to apply a yellow identification mark on their clothing.
Mr President, in order to achieve consensus and support here as widely as possible, I propose that we proceed to an oral amendment replacing Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4 and inserting it as the new 5 (b) with the following text - I hope you will excuse my weak French, I did not know that we would have just a French President -:
For British consumers there is thus an additional bonus which acts as a by-product of increasing confidence in cross-border trade via the Internet.
The Gothenburg Summit demonstrated that the European Union was becoming a sort of forbidden city, so distant from the European peoples and using as much contempt towards them as the Manchu dynasty towards the more remote Mongolian population.
The end of the Palestinian intifada is not yet in sight.
Therefore, from September onwards, do whatever is necessary (perhaps with a siren whistling sharply) so that the Lord Commissioner, as well as all speakers who speak in this assembly, are heard in silence and with dignity.
The Yugoslav dinar continues to have legal tender status, but in reality the mark is also in circulation and has been recognised as a second currency, a situation which will obviously continue with the euro's circulation.
I hope, however, that the Belgian Presidency will gain at least half the popularity that a well-known royal princess, Matilde, enjoys in your country.
There is, therefore, a missing link between the government agreement and the rebel agreement.
As a result of market action, where demand is mainly directed towards cheaper electricity rather than cleaner electricity, the threat of a new investment in polluting fuels such as nuclear energy, coal, lignite and oil is halted.
Mr President, I would like to say - without my colleague Wuori having anything to do with it - that it is a bit surreal to have mixed human rights and fundamental rights in one common discussion.
In Belgrade, police passively watch as gangs of vandals attack lesbians and gays during the so-called gay pride celebrations, just days after millions of dollars from the EU and Milosevic's being sent to The Hague were allocated to that region.
Mr President, liberals all over the world have been and continue to be on the side of the barricade that fights for freedom of expression and human rights, for everyone and everywhere.
I still remember that two months ago I was insulted when I spoke of the possibility of a war in Macedonia, which was called irresponsible, because what is practiced is the denial of facts to the limit, since one is too cowardly to tell the truth to one's own citizens.
We've watched for many months a courtship and, indeed, a non-disarmament of the KLA.
In 1998, the breakdown of a dam in a Spanish mine had very serious ecological consequences.
Secondly, I would say that it is particularly difficult to classify mining waste as waste if we consider that it is mostly broken rock, and quite similar to what we can find in any quarry in the European Union.
But the question is this: even when the results of this importance are reached, the major international summits cannot communicate with the movements known as Seattle and, above all, cannot meet this deepest, most widespread and most tacit security demand among citizens, the underlying base of an iceberg whose tip is represented by the varied world of protests.
(FR) No one today can prove that the climate change we are concerned about does not stem from a natural climate cycle that has been evolving since the origin of our planet.
Madam President, I am sure you have already done so, but as we are meeting today for the first time since the summer, I would like to remind all my colleagues that a few days after our last session in Strasbourg, there was, unfortunately, a very serious catastrophe in the city: a huge tree near Parliament fell on the people who were attending a concert and many died, including several young people.
Mr President, let me first of all congratulate and thank our rapporteur for the tenacity and effectiveness with which he has provided evidence in this dossier on the participation of workers, which for many years has been the main choice in the negotiations on the Statute of the European Society.
It is precisely now, at the most decisive moment of the final race, when enthusiasm and unity of aims would be most needed, that the Poles, like many others, are beginning to reflect, think and question whether the sacrifices required, the so-called costs of membership, will not outweigh the advantages, the possible and future gains.
Subject: Violation of competition rules in the sale of digital discs The DVD market is divided into two distinct zones, one for Europe, the other for the United States and Japan, which makes it impossible for European consumers to buy DVDs from areas other than their own where they are recorded, the prices are lower and the distribution is faster.
In this case, this would mean that electricity from lumber would be 3.5 cents more expensive and that electricity from furnaces would be about 3 cents more expensive.
Mr President, just as no one is against motherhood or apple pie, no one can be against safety, especially when it comes to airplanes.
The British Conservatives voted in favour of the Watson report to send the message that we will fight terrorism without carcasses and, in particular, to show solidarity with our colleagues involved in the current fight against terrorists, particularly ETA.
I wish on the plane we could have Parma ham, Genoa spaghetti, Venice polenta and Naples scented tomatoes!
It is a matter of putting parliaments and all citizens in charge of these issues, of broadcasting them live via audio and video or on the Internet, of opening up the work of these international summits to all citizens and of reviving the democratic model and the rule of law.
I am convinced that if cooperation between the police had been implemented effectively and respecting individual rights, if free movement had been a real right, a priority at the same level as freedom of movement of capital, if the Charter of Fundamental Rights had entered the DNA of all of us, the worst events in Genoa might not have happened.
I think that we should not cling to an outdated position and at the same time deprive ourselves of freedom of choice without any added value, because a European opt-in solution does not eliminate waste (e-mail for direct marketing purposes not requested by the subscriber), because much of it comes from sources outside the EU.
We are now facing a growing phenomenon called data transmission - breaking into computer systems and stealing large amounts of credit card details.
Finally, we must not forget that the Internet is becoming mobile, and e-mail is an example of this.
I should like to remind you, Mr President, that even in this institution a German colleague of Kurdish origin - very black and very dark-eyed - is asked to identify with more - I would say - diligence than other Members because she does not look like a Member.
After more than five years back and forth, we finally voted today in favour of the proposal for a Council directive on fruit compotes, jellies, orange compotes and sweet brown purée.
We also wish to express our deep sorrow to the families of the European victims and to all those who have lost their families, regardless of their colour and continent of origin, because this diabolical attack was not only directed against the American people, but also against Europeans and other peoples living in this cosmopolitan world which is New York, and it should be remembered that the World Trade Center is relatively close to the United Nations headquarters.
As regards the harmonisation of the common Lden and Lnight noise indicators, Amendment 11 advocates the mandatory use of these indicators in sound planning and sound zoning, although Amendment 34 reintroduces the definition of an action plan to be designed to reduce noise when an Lden or Lnight limit value is exceeded.
Nor is there any reference to the OCCAT agreement, which is actually a bicycle of industrial cooperation, which is surrounded by legislation such as the Italian one, which associates the possibility of exporting arms with respect for human rights.
We know that 11 per cent of electricity consumption - 10 to 15 per cent in other countries - if we take into account the budgets of the private sector and the public sector - contributes to the fact that power stations are operating completely unnecessarily, because there would be other possibilities besides support.
The noise does not have the dark color of the fuel, nor the acute quality of the chemical waste, but condenses its harmful nature.
Secondly, because a revision of the Stability Pact would be a sign that we intend to place this burden on the shoulders of future generations, which does not contribute to increasing confidence; and thirdly, because if we loosen the fiscal policy that the Stability Pact implements we will prevent interest rates from falling, which is what the Americans are doing.
We are now entering the third millennium, and the last of the Mohicans of orthodox communism, Mr Bordes, could stop talking about the class struggle and accept that the contribution of every European is important to the economy of Europe.
I am particularly pleased that the report has rejected any attempt to move the e-commerce directive away from the financial services sector.
Mr President, any family living in a brick hut in rural Africa without access to clean water, electricity, a hospital or a community centre is absolutely devastated to learn that one of their loved ones suffers from one of the following three diseases: HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis or malaria.
It has since been observed that an average slow runner exceeds the limit value seven to eight times and that even walking on a street can violate these rules.
The Financial Perspectives are not sufficient - and this is obvious - and we have a televised Council of Ministers, that is to say, which is guided, in terms of external priorities, by the latest television headlines.
The fact that there is still no evaluation report on innovative actions for the previous programming period (1994-99) should alarm the budgetary authority.
I would like to call on the Israeli and Palestinian authorities to do everything in their power to negotiate an agreement based on the recommendations of the Mitchell report.
We can't all get together yet, strut our stuff, as some pop singers might suggest.
In this context, I hope and expect that the Council and the Commission will pay constant attention to the security situation in the Moluccas, where bin Laden supporters are also said to be waging a jihad against the native Christians.
This region is also a source of security problems, but if you look through the atlas of impropriety you will find that the new Silk Roads of drugs, guns, illegal immigrants, etc. are passing through the CIS.
I have an excellent option: I have a filter and I have a turnkey .
Does the Commissioner agree with me that it would be a tragedy for Europe to lose languages such as Scottish Gaelic and Lowland Scottish out of curiosity, and that the less used languages deserve more encouragement than they do today?
I am referring to the recent acquittal ruling on the Marghera petrochemical complex, which left Montedison Enimont's executives unpunished for the deaths of 157 workers and the disastrous pollution of the soil and the Venetian lagoon.
This kind of ping-pong is not acceptable for the organisation of Members' agendas.
Those who have an apartment or even a holiday home are hit.
Despite the protest of the Portuguese NGOs and myself, the Portuguese Government insists on the maximumist approach to the Alqueva project, preparing a filling up to 152m.
Obviously, it's better to own a motorcycle than a bicycle, you walk faster, but if you don't know where to go, I don't think there'll be any advantage.
We have highlighted some very precise messages, which the Commission will take into account, since we have the same objectives and there is a harmonious alliance between Parliament and the Commission.
The Minister also told me: we can't pay; we don't have enough money to patrol all these passing points!
In the vicinity of Kosicec, there is a long 40-kilometre green frontier, which we have been told is very difficult to control and where you can see a large influx of Afghan refugees, not all of whom perhaps want to enter Europe peacefully.
It seems to me that in this House, in the area reserved for spectators, a patrol has been organized to support Mr Schulz, although in this House, as in the assemblies of all parliaments, the public is forbidden to applaud and speak in support of this or that thesis.
This is not blackmail, Mr Watson, nor is it an Italian whim, as has already been said in this House; it is the will of this Parliament, which in 1997 voted in favour of the Roth report, which urged the Member States to real reform of justice in favour of the correct procedure.
Mr President, I liked your comment on the ballot on the possibility of attaching myself to the presidency.
Please, before you leave, I'd like you to present me with this political Christmas toast.
Mr Wiersma suggested that this was a favourite hobby of the Dutch.
As a writer living in an exceptionally troubled area, I have to look at this issue of intercultural discourse as a story of attraction and enthusiasm.
There are some sailors who have a nice life on board at the end of their shifts: for example, commissioned officers and deck officers eat in the restaurant with the passengers, drink whiskey in the passenger bar, dance in the ballroom with the passengers, if they are men, with the passengers, if they are women.
The rough comic strip published in Zimbabwe's state-run newspaper The Herald highlights this sinister message by drawing a true caricature of Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change, Mugabe's major opponent in next year's presidential election, portraying him as a mere flatterer of wealthy white farmers and Western powers in his own country.
They have three functions: ability to penetrate in armor, spread shrapnel, and the ability to cause fire.
A famous Bavarian cabaret artist announced, after a visit to the Bavarian Parliament, that he had finally understood what parliamentarism is: everything has been said, only not everyone has said it yet.
Europe must continue to be a shining, multifaceted diamond with its own diversity and identity, because only then can the European diamond shine in the sky of Europe.
It is obvious that a bright console is seen by the neighbors of the voter who belongs to the same group.
To know how to advance the project of the European Union with a well-tuned, well-tempered orchestra, in Mozart's expression, which advances with democratic impulses and not like a battalion playing the horn.
The elimination of sources of permeable substances, such as the closure of the chimney of a factory that releases into the atmosphere fumes that are ozone permeable substances, is not an appropriate measure.
We must have the greatness to admit the freedom of the rulers to make these facts customized and to adapt the model of fact - from which we do not renounce - to measures.
I do not support the legalization of ecstasy, cannabis or other synthetic drugs like LSD or amphetamines.
This reform demonstrates well the subversion technique of using a small ridge as a support to lift a large lid.
In this century, every shot the Americans shoot, as the poet Emerson says, will resound around the world (to go around the world), and if we cannot appeal to a broader concept of American interest and feed it, we risk the threat of a new military millennium.
But this surrealism is to be welcomed, to be used to bring us closer to peace and development in the region, not just Palestine.
The Commissioner gave the example of a distributor in Amsterdam who could open a branch in London.
First of all, I'm not against testosterone to try to make some progress in this area.
A way that will contrast with the past, when Mr Rothley was working alone and efforts were being made only to reach an agreement that would eventually bring some price to a presidency.
Mr President, as a member of the Committee on Budgets, I would like to stress the fact that Europe must not only be a payer but also, above all, a player.
As you know better than I do, Galileo Galilei, the great Italian scientist, peered into the sky with his telescope from the earth.
Mr President, this report presents a depressing picture of the situation of women in some Mediterranean countries.
It is also urgently necessary to define the concept of a prevention picket with greater clarity and, above all, following the judgment of the Court of Justice, to apply this definition fully in this respect.
In this sense, the question is the composition of this cocktail which is the policy mix.
If it wasn't for the Americans, we wouldn't even have the little pipeline that goes through Azerbaijan and Georgia.
At present, they are not far from the pavilion mentioned by Per Gahrton, which is still likely to explode repeatedly.
They want, after the next 1 April, to allow the arrival in Europe of old, extremely noisy planes equipped with a soundproofing case.
Mr President, I should like to inform you that the Irishmen have won the first race at the Cheltenham Festival.
Mr President, on a point of order, Mrs Emilia Franziska Müller, before taking the floor, wanted to state that the fact that the list of speakers' names on the screen was broken may explain the possible lack of comparison.
It is unreasonable for the Union to demand that Estonia's noncompetitive oil shale energy production be subjected to free competition rapidly, while France and, in part, Germany continue to block the liberalisation of their energy markets after 50 years.
Mr President, when we saw on television on 9 November 1989 a crowd inebriated by democracy throwing themselves over the Berlin Wall, we felt the heart of history.
Infant mortality rates are low, and many of the diseases that many countries in the world still struggle with, such as cholera, chickenpox and malaria, have already been eradicated.
Well done for your determination, but not for Barcelona's results.
The European Parliament's resolution is a tribute to anti-people policy and for this reason the MEPs of the PCG voted against it.
Without the promotion of a credible European defence, Europe is still a slimy sled dog who is allowed to jump alongside the American bulldog.
I remember in my mind the Israeli mother who would not let her young children travel in the same school van, lest she lose them all.
The best example of this is perhaps the case of the Eurofighter, an aircraft which has become operational with years of delay, which has exceeded its planned budget by billions of euros and is in fact obsolete.
With this technology, they monitored dialogue channels for 16 hours and detected 48 offenders across the EU - offenders in trusted positions (teachers and scout group heads, a foster father in Germany and a Swedish army sergeant); babies as young as three months old had been raped by the anus.
Is it not true that Israel has been a victim of Palestinian terrorism for many years, long before Ariel Sharon had the absurd idea of marching provocatively over the temple?
I am very pleased with that, and we shall also persevere in this policy, because it seems absolutely indispensable to me.
Mr President, we are now going to examine a completely different subject, which forces us to adapt our minds to the new issue.
The system of limited exclusive powers has become an unlimited self-service establishment for European policy, and with the Lamassoure report we want to radically change this unsustainable situation - the motto is to order, systematize and make it understandable.
This is where the difference between Turkey and Iraq lies: in Turkey the Kurds may not see their rights sufficiently respected, particularly as regards the use of their language, etc., but in Iraq they are the target of destruction and so is the Shiite community and other groups of the population.
Constitutional guarantees such as the Muslim marriage law, which respects the tradition of Indian Muslims, are proof of freedom of religion and expression in India.
Mr Stockton, thank you very much for your sympathetic remarks on the importance of the President of the sitting, but I must tell you that I have a rifle at home and that this is perfectly enough for me.
The Danish shipyards are already being laid off because they cannot compete with the giant state support in South Korea.
Not only because he is a great expert in agriculture - he was an agricultural adviser for the Lombardy region - and not only because of his name, Fiori, so apt, with his abilities, to turn European agriculture into the flower of Europe, but because, among many other things, I also dreamed tonight that Mr Fiori was the Joseph of the Bible, who interpreted dreams and could thus obtain wheat in times of famine in Egypt.
In my view, it is not right to deviate from the basic argument for and against the prohibition of marketing to a much more esoteric and intricate altercation of WTO legislation.
These elements must be taken into account in any exposure assessment, as well as the consequences of the more complex, recently recognised metabolism of synthetic hormones such as trenbolone acetate, zeronol and meningestrol acetate.
So the budget for the merger is a financial black hole in search of an increasingly remote holy grail of fusion energy.
That's why I'm not going into this flower game of who's doing right and who's doing wrong.
Thirdly, something must be done to overcome the collective amnesia imposed on Western Europe by the Soviet tyranny, which allowed us to forget the thousand years of cultural, political and commercial ties that we are now reestablishing.
What is wrong with the Commission's proposal is that it indicates that the current direct aid figure will continue beyond 2006.
As far as fisheries are concerned, the proposal concerns fresh and chilled fish of certain species, such as goldfish, codfish and codfish, but also smoked fish and salmonids.
I regret the attempt by the automotive lobby to discredit the EEVC tests.
Since child labour is neither a hobby nor a game, I hope that both FIFA and the industry will be the first to make football a truly fair game for everyone.
The virus could therefore be picked up in the food and footwear of players and supporters returning home.
It seems then that this altercation on biofuels has somehow put the ball in front of the bulls, in the sense that it is more of an agricultural problem and that it would have been more sensible to start by waiting for the evaluation of the Agenda 2000 to be completed, that is to say, for the midterm review to be given the final edge, so that we could know in what direction to actually guide biofuels policy.
Will a television studio show be an audiovisual work and how does it circulate?
I was a sailor and this evening I saw him in a dream, together with his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, steering a sailing boat in a stormy sea.
That's why it's such a shame that we bow to the destructive agenda of organizations like Friends of the Earth and Greenpeace, which are committed to mystifying public opinion with unwarranted bullshit.
As regards the last point, namely the way in which the Commission intends to inform the 370 million citizens of Europe about the new regime, I would like to say first of all that a tourist travelling abroad, at least within the euro area, will immediately know about the new rules because, when he draws up a survey on an automatic machine, the stamp will indicate the commission that has been charged.
I do not mean to say that the Commissioner should be in Austrian fashion, although she is always welcome in our country to go mountaineering or hiking with us.
President Bush sometimes likes to play the role of a cowboy on the international stage, but he risks turning his own peacekeepers into thugs.
I can only answer: no, I am not a spy for democracy or NATO, although I am also a member of the delegation of this latter organization.
A fairly prosaic example is the toilet paper roll cartridge.
There is no justification for the Commission to use the ban on the use of animal protein in animal feed as a pretext for demanding EU subsidies for - imagine - wheat and other protein-rich crops.
The victims of the typhoon in Latin America did not receive the funds we allocated to them.
The recent attacks, as well as the recent discovery of a chemical laboratory to produce explosives and lethal substances and the existence of a tribal-influenced zone between Afghanistan and Pakistan are other signs of a dangerous situation.
This political ploy is both anti-democratic and repressive.
Investigations into the distribution of contaminated glucose syrup revealed that it had been made for animal feed factories and traders and, to a lesser extent, for the food industry.
Each week, a 25-liter can was taken to be turned into animal feed, and the cook was paid £5 (7.8 euros), part of the parallel economy.
Those who listen to me need to understand that, to give some examples, we are talking about unleavened bread that stops being fresh the next day, pieces of cake left aside and things like that.
He wants, as they say in his billboard, box office successes that earn more than $1 billion a year.
Mr President, the report by Mr Cederschiöld, which we have just voted on, concerns a Council framework decision to defend ourselves against hacker attacks on information systems.
In short, I believe that Parliament has contributed to improving the proposal for a framework decision aimed at responding to cybercrime by seeking to approximate the criminal provisions of the Member States in order to ensure the full criminalization of attacks on information systems and by promoting police and judicial cooperation in this sensitive area.
We were all satisfied with the meal, but the chef told us: We will soon be unable to eat rice unless MEPs intervene to defend agriculture as part of the reform of agricultural policy that is taking place in the European Parliament and the European Community.
The reluctance to move forward with reforms in this area is so great that it is almost overwhelming, and the citizens of the European Union are no longer willing to tolerate it.
The additional role that renewable energy sources play in basic production is only part of the European energy palette.
As has already been said, it is also important to connect the new Member States to the internal energy market.
Under the pressure of successive commitments, the text is too long and resembles a strenuous waltz or a tedious tango, with steps to the left and right, forward and backward - so much so that we even lose the sense to which it is directed.
To Mr Turmes I would like to say that I fully share the dismay caused by the tragedy of the plane that crashed in Luxembourg and by the fire in a carriage in France.
Other ministers criticized dynamic modulation insofar as it actually implies a real and progressive reduction in support and because the model, excluding franchise and leveling, does not sufficiently take into account existing regional differences.
It cannot be postponed; it is the axis and pivot of the whole strategy.
The report, in its explanatory statement, proposes that the dock tax be extended to the four French outermost regions already affected by particularly severe unemployment.
Commissioner Nielson, in charge of humanitarian affairs in Europe, has not announced a visit to Chechnya but will attend a banquet of Heads of State or Government in St Petersburg.
We saw there a suicide bombing campaign launched by the Dutch Liberal leader Gerrit Zalm, who demanded that the Netherlands block enlargement in order to impose agricultural reforms.
Looking at the situation on the Galician coast after the catastrophe and the Galician people, who in their pain, anger, bravery and concern, despite everything, look ahead, I think is the best demonstration that Galicia, the northwestern region of the Iberian Peninsula, is a region highly dependent on fishing, and not only because 20% of its gross domestic product comes from fishing and fishing-related activities.
As we all know, ISIS has recommended that we do not fish for cod or cod in these areas unless it is possible to demonstrate that there are ways to capture these resources - and I quote - without bycatch or return to the cod sea.
In this way there should not be a single gram of waste for which no one can be held liable, although, for various practical reasons - and this was the compromise that was finally reached in the conciliation process - the obligation to prove itself applies only to 4 kilograms.
This is absurd for a citizen of the Union in an aspiring country.
We cannot, after Erika and Prestige, allow another Erika or another Prestige to stain our backs.
In some visits by the Fisheries Commission to Scotland and Andalusia, for example, we had the opportunity to learn on the ground about the problems and potential of this sector, the difficulties faced by Scottish or Irish salmon farmers, for example, the know-how of Sturgeon farmers in Granada, or the experience of the cultivation of gold and roble in ancient Roman salt mines in the province of Cádiz.
The fawn is made with nylon nets that devastate entire areas.
The complexity of this operation was extraordinary, but given that caviar has now reached a third of the price of gold, it is perfectly understandable that there are those who are willing to invest the time and money needed to achieve these results.
The Commission is aware of the current alteration on the possible repercussions of the use of low frequency active sonar on some cetacean species.
The persecution resulted in physical clashes and injuries to an official, requiring the intervention of a Corvette of the Portuguese Navy.
The problem is that the decision to bomb Iraq, turning it into a morgue that doesn't even serve the dead, was made a long time ago in the Potomac.
But, of course, Parliament does not intend to defend its position in writing, but rather to ensure that there are no gray areas in EU legislation in which a justified public participation is prevented by some lapse on the part of a legislator.
In other words, the exploitation that is practiced wildly by companies supported by armed gangs, with the complicity of networks without king or rock and more or less mafia, even within the state apparatus.
The meeting places of each of them are also symbolic: the Economic Forum met at the Davos ski resort, and the World Social Forum in Porto Alegre, in the heart of a continent in the midst of an economic crisis.
If European legislation makes it possible to turn workers from third countries into cheap labour, a kind of meat for the cannon of precarious work, the European Union will lose all the credibility that its anti-discrimination programmes have taken years to build and that its ideals of justice and freedom impose on it.
Please allow us to combine these two matters!
We also know that a drone capable of spreading biological and chemical weapons has been discovered and that fragmentation bombs have also been discovered.
I hope that this cohesive vote by the European Parliament will encourage the Council to show a little more sensitivity and thus enable us to be more environmentally friendly, to strengthen agriculture and, above all, to reduce energy dependence.
But after the balance achieved in the text adopted by the committee - from which the basic proposal stems - it is absolutely regrettable that several amendments have deteriorated this just balance and preferred an angry language in rampant demagogic gallop.
It is an unacceptable situation based on the existence of a Bedouin investment for whom there is no ethics or social responsibility, for whom there is only the aim of obtaining the greatest possible profit, always looking for more incentives and financial and tax support and for cheap, low-skilled labour, ready to move when the prospect of greater gains or greater Community support for its establishment arises elsewhere.
But when Saddam Hussein threatens to wield the sword of Islam and proclaims Jihad, we Europeans are his immediate and nearest target.
In this Community salad, we can find a new task force in favour of employment and a vote in favour of broad, more concise economic policy guidelines and recommendations on economic reforms, which should eventually be accompanied by specific deadlines.
In addition, the proposal sets a strict limit for chromium VI in cement, since it has been shown that chromium VI causes eczema, particularly among workers in the cement industry, which can lead to incapacity for work and allergies.
For example, cobalt is known to induce carcinogenic effects in laboratory animals and humans, particularly lung cancer and myocardial tissue tumor; cadmium posters, in turn, in addition to lung cancer, can cause testicular cancer.
The worst situation we could encounter would be one in which we would increase the entropy of the system, with the various bodies concerned only with each other's respective competences without the fight against European-sized economic crime being more effectively pursued.
While at the moment the main hypothesis points to the fact that this new coronavirus is actually the cause of SARS, it does not exclude the possibility that other viruses, currently under investigation, may also be agents causing the disease.
Decades later, at a time when the Warsaw Pact was still in place, citizens of the former GDR took part in a pan-European picnic in Fertö Tó, near Lake Neusiedler See, an event organised in collaboration with the European deputies, our colleagues Otto von Habsburg and Bernd Posselt.
Alternatively, we could maintain ten full infantry battalions.
As I had the opportunity to witness personally, there was profound and widespread destruction in all greenhouse production, with particular emphasis on pineapple greenhouses in São Miguel.
Maybe the price of a pizza a year for an average family.
I think this is not the best time to transfer the American brigade to the European Union and to make ourselves even more ridiculous than we have been about the Iraq issue.
This is the time to show that the Sakharov Prize is not a scholarly, sympathetic award, not a moment of brilliance like the Hollywood Oscars, but represents a commitment of the European Union, through its Parliament, to the cause of democracy, human rights, freedom worldwide.
In Spain, we have sports newspapers that cover only sport and are among the most widely read in our country - even more than national newspapers - and that not even 4% of their content is devoted to women's sports, with the aggravation of often women's sports content consisting of news of a sentimental nature or about the attitudes and clothing of our athletes.
The camera was making increases on the various parts of the women's bodies.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, when the Swedish golf star, Annika Sörenstam, wanted to compete in the American men's professional tournament, the men's world of world golf was upset.
These actions have in fact contributed to a better understanding of areas and crops in Community space, both the LUCAS Project (Land Use/Cover Area Framework Statistical Survey) and the MARS-STAT Project (Monitoring Agriculture with Remote Sensing).
It is no coincidence that most GM crops produced around the world are resistant to a specific pesticide.
Our geology favored this solution.
The European Union carefully accounts for molluscs and fish, poultry, poultry, cattle and goats; it bureaucratically identifies animals and plants of all kinds, which it analyses thoroughly; it analyses the chassis of engines, industrial parts and tools, wheels recycled... it is unacceptable that it cannot account for the victims of a war of scarcity of three weeks.
He proposes that we have an economic czar to deal with the euro area's relations with the world around us.
Joseph Kony, leader of the Lord's Resistance Army, spoke again last Monday, telling his men to kill without mercy anyone who came before them, including old people and children, sparing only pregnant women, to kill priests and missionaries in cold blood and beat the nuns without contemplation.
With more than 400 articles, we will propose a classification of legal acts in European laws, framework laws or delegated laws, a Minister for Foreign Affairs, three Presidents: the European Council, the Council of Ministers and the Commission, and an entire orchestra of institutional instruments where, although we cannot locate the head, we can locate the bully which is the European Parliament which once again gains more volume without gaining political credibility.
Either we embark on a barren controversy, accusing each other of irresponsibility - which reminds me of the old medieval controversy about how many angels fit on the tip of a pin - or the international community in general and the European Union in particular are mobilizing their best efforts to restore security, stability and democracy in Iraq.
Since then, this city has become the rock capital of Sweden!
Europe has declared itself sheriff of the United States, especially after the signing of the agreement on cooperation in criminal matters and on extraditions to the United States, where there is the death penalty and Guantanamo.
However, I abstained from the final global vote, regretting that I did not resist the temptation to include a paragraph in the final resolution which uses that ideological, encrypted language which, like other reports in this legislature, only aims to engage EU development policy in the international promotion of abortion.
That's the boundary of complexity.
Mrs Arlene McCarthy mentioned the latest example of Amazon's one-click procurement system.
If this travel history is stored in the microprocessor and a person moves to the United States, Bush will continue to have unlimited access to the information that is the subject of our dispute.
With outstanding themes - for which an evolutionary clause is pointed out, that of the meeting - it makes sense to look for solutions that allow us to get out of the problems we have.
It is a female kangaroo playing, very funny, but today it came to the European Parliament with a very serious message: it came to raise awareness of the sudden and unexplained death of children over one year of age and of adults.
However, as they say in Britain, to know how the pudding is, you have to eat it.
I also consider it appropriate to include in the Directive other leisure activities such as sailing.
In the long term, is the intention to prohibit the practice of candleboarding, kayaking and rowing because the water is considered unsuitable for bathing?
The Supreme Court observed that the victim was wearing trousers at the time of the crime and stated that it is not possible to take off trousers without at least partial cooperation from the person wearing them.
Importers from other European countries are particularly affected by this, since they sell their beverages almost exclusively in waste packaging, for reasons related in particular to long-distance distribution.
By adopting Agenda 2000, the restrictive financial framework of the Copenhagen Council and the consequences of the constraints imposed by the Stability Pact, with direct consequences for budget implementation, the budgetary procedure has become a commodity store where the non-essential is discussed and a policy of transfers, cuts and redistribution of funds is implemented which takes away transparency from the budget.
The supply of Cardhu's single malt has declined.
Shouldn't we be pondering the constantly burning spark of the most aggressive and extremist armed factions of Islamic fundamentalism?
Finally, I refer to the comments by Mr Perry, made with the usual delicacy and charm, as powerful as they are wrapped in silk and refined with scented soap.
It is as if the Convention had never been implemented and the Council was resuming the old Nice routine with all the bullshit and games of interest inherent in the closed door.
Madam President, I would like to ask you if you would be willing, together with me, to express your concern to the Turkish judicial authorities about the delays in the trial of those involved in the fight in Galatasaray, Turkey, at the time of a football match with Leeds United in April 2000.
I don't see how we can make up this reality in any way.
The piece of paper in the president's pocket turned out to be a stained-gilt, cat-fucked napkin with some bad-tasting anecdotes.
I'm not doing political ontology, it's reality.
Mr President, I think the honourable Members have noticed that I have a scarf on my head.
As you know, poaching and the exponential increase in hunting threaten the existence of some of our closest relatives in the animal kingdom: species such as gorillas, chimpanzees and other apes.
That would be negative enough, but if Ebola-infected meat reaches the world market, we could see a catastrophe far worse than HIV.
This anti-globalization slogan could serve as an epigraph to our altercation.
But then it is not consistent in proposals to change these situations, remaining in a position of zigzag that does not clarify a firm position to effectively ensure the creation of more eligible jobs in the various areas of services, nor does it take a firm position in the defence of quality public services.
In order to be non-discriminatory and consistent, this prohibition would also have to cover the Sikh turban, the Jewish kippa and the Christian crosses.
I'm sure you'll remember clearly the lobby and the altercation over plant pots, beam disc packaging, grill boxes and makeup containers.
This policy was re-launched when the United States reformulated its strategy and when EEAS and NASA recorded extraordinary successes that shocked the entire world.
Lindane was a substance used in shampoos to eliminate dandruff in children's hair.
Mr President, Commissioner, Austria currently has perfectly correct and cordial relations with Russia, as demonstrated by Putin's recent state visits and his pleasure in skiing to our country.
To begin with, import licences are required for any of the species listed in Annex A to the Council Regulation, including all those listed in Appendix 1 to CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora), such as the leopard, the cheetah and the elephant, as well as a number of other popular game trophy species such as the brown bear, lynx and wolf.
We must think of the many moves that have been made, but our Irish colleagues have a real talent for promoting understanding - except, of course, for English rugby - and we hope that their diligent efforts will bear fruit and that the Presidency's report to the European Council will be able to conclude that all delegations are ready to sign the Constitutional Treaty before the European elections.
I often compare the process of European construction to the saga of discoveries, about which a great Portuguese poet of the 16th century, Camões, said that we traveled by seas never before sailed.
Parliament also called for the immediate replacement of the current traction system by a push system and for the negotiation of an international agreement providing for real guarantees for European citizens and the same legal protection that is granted to American citizens.
There are various applications of HFC, from air conditioning systems to tennis shoes soles and artificial aerosol snow, for example, which the press made a bit of a stir at Christmas.
At that time, the police had already received the call from the witness who saw three men hooded in Alcalá de Henares and the van containing the detonators and the cassette with the verses of the Quran had already been found.
Mr President, I would like to protest once again this year that the amendment tabled by my delegation to the 2005 calendar, which seeks to end this charade of monthly travel to Strasbourg at the enormous expense of the European Union taxpayer, has been declared inadmissible.
As far as the term baron is concerned, there is a problem which, I admit, is linked to the Spanish parliamentary culture.
Summing up a long story, he said that the conductor of a mediocre charanga of this nature had a dual task, namely to ensure that the musicians started and finished playing at the same time.
Since 1999, or since the 2000 budget, we have faced the problem of not being able to finance the commitments made by the Foreign Ministers in their endless beneficial trance.
That's why some see India as a kind of EU of South Asia, and also as a buffer against the Arab world - which is looked at with suspicion.
The question therefore arises on an institutional basis: are we an independent political grouping or are we a tractor attached to the American truck?
So, we're proposing recovery sites, heroin kicking rooms under control, needle exchange programs...
At a time when the generosity of people throughout Europe and the rest of the world towards the victims of the tsunami is evident to all, it is inexplicable that this Parliament is allocating a considerable sum to a programme of events and receptions in support of the European Constitution.
In the words of Russian political analyst Piontovski, it is a choice between the past and the future, between Soviet Ukraine and European Ukraine.
There are major differences in performance between Member States; for example, my own country, Hungary, comes in last, achieving only 3.6% in 2010, although it holds Europe's largest geothermal energy resources, which have so far not generated a single watt of electricity.
Mr Commissioner, I have the impression that, with regard to the internal market in services, Mr Exa has had little luck with the legacy that former Commissioner Bolkestein left him in Brussels and which is still known by his name, or perhaps by an unfortunate nickname.
Baiba Skride's talent and youth are accompanied by a violin built by Stradivarius in 1725, named Wilhelm, in memory of the famous German violinist August Wilhelm, to whom it belonged for nearly 50 years.
Following amendments to German legislation, this Directive will mean that the German qualifications of a skilled worker () and a master craftsman () will be placed in the same category, although master craftsmen will be required to complete additional training requiring several years.
Just as it was right to set up the minimum wage to combat the problem of poverty wages, now is the time to put an end to excessive hours of work, which are a form of violence and exploitation of workers, increase stress and other health problems and are detrimental to family life.
They attacked me; they called me a thug; they told me that I had behaved with a football club supporter.
There's some basic systemic error that we're missing.
It's not the sarin gas that creates this spectacle of death and destruction that terrorists need for the 6 o'clock news.
What are the measures envisaged, on the one hand, in terms of taxes on the consumption of designer drinks and, on the other, in terms of regulations, in order to make it clear on the label that the content of synthetic alcohol and sugar is harmful to health?
You certainly remember how strong the flower was and could now help you solve the problem of insignificant economic growth.
Mr Tony Blair, Marshal of Mr Bush, will be here tomorrow.
We're talking about linoleum floors with these effects.
I hope that we will vote unanimously tomorrow and I also hope that the reference to anti-discrimination legislation will not be more than a verbal scandal on the part of Mr Wuermeling.
When the prisoners fell to their knees, immediately before the soldiers received the order to fire, the accused heard the young man's voice: "Mommy, he whispered, Mommy".
I hope it wasn't the Scottish accent that came up.
According to the world 's largest security software company , the world faces a threat of unprecedented proportions stemming from new viruses coming from third-generation mobile phones and increasingly sophisticated spyware being installed on personal computers .
Mr President, when will the Bureau and the Presidency of Parliament be able to put an end to the voting pandemic?
Men are given light therapy, a more expensive treatment, while women are sent home with a recipe for a skin ointment.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, the European Union is like a ship, with a keel in the Mediterranean and a mast in the Baltic.
Among the thirty believers there were about ten women who were forced to strip and then pose nude.
Rather, it suggests a checkmate to the idea of a truly united Europe that is not divided into first and second classes according to wealth or historical legacy.
In view of the fact that culture gains nothing from having a diligent rapporteur or a weakened Parliament, where there are literally different values to be used in each passing month, we strongly urge that these values be taken as a basis.
The influenza virus is an ANA virus and contains eight genes.
This means that there is an urgent need to modify the vaccine production process, and it is also clear that we could work much faster with cell cultures such as the mononuclear phagocyte system (MPS - ).
Donations to Labour continued and again, coincidentally under the British presidency, the anti-steel duties on steel produced by Mr Mittal outside the EU continued to be reduced by Commissioner Mandelson.
The body is the Constitution, the engine is the euro and the gasoline is the budget.
My family was murdered by the Nazis in my home country, and I object to any comments from this jazz guy directed at me.
If we don't reduce carbon dioxide, the polar ice cap in the Arctic will disappear.
Do we want to ban the harvesting of above eggs in the Netherlands, the bullfighting in Spain, or the fattening of French geese for the Netherlands because these are cruel customs for animals, or are these national matters in which European interference does not bring any added value?
Only a European Union with a single foreign policy, which makes full use of its own capabilities, which follows the same tablature and has made structural fragmentation a thing of the past, will achieve this goal.
In the last few days, unfortunately, there have been statements by the Basque nationalist government and the Spanish socialist government aimed at extending the red carpet to these terrorists so that they can parade through it without any problem at their next congress.
I would welcome the possibility of restructuring the chicory sector with a view to producing inulin, which has good prospects.
Mr President-in-Office, it is noted that Mr Exa draws very well and is an excellent mountaineer.
The result would have been the end of the British system for measuring bottled milk, with pinto or quartz as the unit, and it would have also been the change in the size of our regular bread.
We are deeply shocked that the next World Cup is being prepared ignoring not only the construction but also the commercial promotion of a venue that some even dare to declare to be the world's biggest brothel.
I would also like to mention an amendment relating to Parliament's daycare.
We need to focus on all sorts of pathologies that are of public concern, whether they're cardiology or respiratory, rheumatology or brain.
Mr. President, there's an old Swahili saying that says never get between a river and a hippopotamus.
We must state here that the new post-Soviet military union of three consolidated dictatorships in Moscow, Minsk and Tashkent is not the path to a better future for these three states and nations.
It is quite certain that Europe's linguistic uniformity, which includes English as a popular phonetic soup, will be met with a multilingualism which the European Parliament would do well to teach itself.
The President of Bolivia comes from a poor and remote community in Bolivia, Isavalli, in the canton of Orinoca, very close to Lake Poopó, in Oruro.
For example, the addition of fluoride to drinking water has a disproportionately negative effect on bottled babies and young children, since reconstituted milk powder made from this public drinking water forms their whole diet.
In view of the multitude of threats that regularly affect these regions, from tidal waves to volcanic eruptions, earthquakes and cyclones, and now the reactivation of mosquito-borne viral hazards, such as chikungunya in Réunion and dengue in Guyana, overseas populations expect an adequate response from Europe in terms of safety, prevention and solidarity.
In good Portuguese, another example of how the one with the nails is the one who plays the guitar, or how the different number of deputies from each country, with the supremacy of the countries of Central and Northern Europe, is decisive in this federalist parliament to challenge the interests of the Mediterranean countries, where more than 90% of forest fires are recorded.
Probably, if these people looked at a geological map of Europe, they would say that Scotland will be annexed to Austria because both have granite or that the different areas of limestone will be fused into transnational regions.
It was just as legitimate to condemn the initial conquest of the Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah, and then, above all, its grave decision to retaliate against the bombing of Lebanese cities by sending missiles over Israeli cities, thus committing crimes against the civilian population, as it was surprising and revolting the green signal given for long days to Israel to continue this terrible war.
Moreover, economists estimate that the price of a gallon of oil, which currently stands at three dollars, would need to remain at ten dollars to integrate the cost of sanitation and climate change.
I would like to thank everyone who has helped me with this task, and I am saddened that many have tried to mediate the whole process without participating in the effective work of the working group and the Committee on Budgetary Control.
There's a lot of gray hair in this House - not on me, of course.
It would also refer to information and communication technologies that use optical and rotational states and allow additional information compression to be handled with blue light and biotechnology, including research into DNA and bioinformatics systems.
(EL) Mr President, the recent decision of the Council of Ministers on the imposition of anti-disposal duties leads me to make two crucial comments.
In the other sub-sectors, imports from third countries are either marginal in importance - as is the case, for example, with regard to black crustaceans and ginseng - or have fallen in recent years - as was the case with raspberries, for example.
In the case of frozen raspberries, Poland has increased its market share in recent years at the expense of imports from third countries.
Glucose and lactose (codified version) (vote)
I am not referring, Mr Prime Minister, to the alcachofras soup or to the grilled goose served for dinner, proving that they were able to replace the Parma prosciutto, but to the IET and European patents, energy security, immigration, relations with Russia - strategic issues that need serious consideration, but also strategic decisions that emphasize the need for a coherent definition of policies.
As we all know, a touch can be as gentle a caress as a bear's strong hug.
I have another question: does the Council not agree that we are apparently creating more and more agencies as if they were sprinkled on the Member States, so that each State has an agency instead of only having one when it is really needed - not so much this one, perhaps, but many of the others that have been created?
I shall then reply to the honourable Members Heide Rühle and Evelyne Gebhardt on the problem of PPPs and the concept at home or internally.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October 2006, which mentions the closure of an Internet diary created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual.
In fact, I was just showing Mr Borrell an album of Georgian locations.
New energy-efficient technologies such as hydrogen, fusion, LED lighting and solar and wind power are important.
My suggestion is that the hidden agenda and program for 2007 will include a resurrection of the Constitution, that murderous vampire, after a little blood transfusion.
It seems to me that this is not a matter of parliament getting its hands on it, raising support.
Mr Diamandouros, you also have an important role to play, especially since you are, in my opinion, the link between the citizens and the European institutions; you are the one to whom citizens address any concerns they have about the European institutions, which is their role in correcting injustices, and you are really looking for solutions.
Secondly, with regard to human rights, Mr Putin, with his angelic face as a KGB-trained judo player, keeps telling us: I have nothing to do with this story.
In Chelmsford, there is a fierce Eurosceptic, our brave brigadier fighting for Britain in the spirit of the 1940s, who ensures that we can all sleep peacefully in our beds!
This has a lot to do with the fact that, in parallel with the process referred to by Mr Farage, there is another process under way, which is the outsourcing or procurement of services to external suppliers, which prevents the creation in our various countries of the social basis on which a correct social model for a strong Europe can be built.
This Regulation sets out how to address and combat diseases such as BSE and scrapie affecting ruminants in general.
We sometimes feel that respect for atheism is more important than respect for religious beliefs.
Subject: Duty-free sales under the new rules on air safety
We cannot desert the front lines of the war on terror in the name of citizens' rights.
As regards this point, why have we not yet considered the possibility of building a major transit airport in the Pacific, a regional hub?
It is in the family that it is important to learn and encourage a taste for sport - which is essential for reducing stress and aggression - and for healthy eating habits.
When people are exhausted after a long day's work, it's easier for them to resort to fast food than to the effort of cooking. They want to drop on the couch in front of the television, eat fries and drink a soda; and their children imitate their behavior.
Companies should be able to gain public partnerships even if they do not have an environmentally sound vase of flowers in front of the factory gate and even if the menu of the dining room does not include alternative dishes.
There is also the question of VAT, the intra-Community fraud that enables the single market, tax dumping and our Baltic friends who take advantage of their flat tax, their flat tax to gain an advantage.
The rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I regret that the live night show Transport is not a favourite of the Council, since I wish to address the Council in particular.
In view of all these changes, the presentation of the report may not be wonderful, but I hope that the message is clear: Parliament wants concrete measures, not delays.
We often read about cases of violence against men and women because of their sexual tendencies, or we witness fallen arms to increasingly common episodes of serious moral harassment in schools, which may even lead young people to commit suicide, as recently happened in Italy.
But it is clear that once these requirements are met, the new scheme will allow manufacturers of those parts, in particular for finishing and not only, access to the single market with a single certification.
This refusal to listen to the needs and complaints of Europeans will go unheeded at the next opportunity, and official Europe should not complain if citizens vote incorrectly again at some point in the future.
Thirdly, perhaps at some point we should turn our attention to small crops, to small producers, particularly the saffron and mustard crops in Chios.
Champagne and cognac are strictly defined.
However, people who buy stuffed toys or modern lady's cat or dog leather bags contribute to a trade that results in animals being tortured, mistreated and crushed alive.
As regards Portugal, I believe that there are no problems with the proposals contained in the regulation, in particular as regards the geographical indications, which include the various wine, bagasseiras and pear varieties, Madeira rum, Algarve and Buçaco medronho, Portuguese ginjinha, Singeverga liqueur, Portuguese anise and Madeira poncha.
We all hope that there will be more debt forgiveness, and I more than anyone else, and you are quite right in saying that it is just a shot and that countries, if they want to honour their commitments, will necessarily have to increase, in real and absolute terms, the amounts they spend on their development aid policies in the coming years.
I'd like to remind you that rap music and the metric of the Greek female-capsillable have the same rhythm.
A person in the area told me that transporting mercury from Almadén to any other point would be the same as approaching the piano to the bench instead of approaching the bench to the piano before you start playing a concert.
In the light of the clear remarks made by Mr Wolfgang Schäuble, the German Minister of the Interior, my group will be on the lookout against the erosion of civil liberties on which our society is based.
However, when a year ago I, Mrs Morgantini and others were in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, it became clear that EU policy worked as a kind of compress in the wound but did not offer a cure.
The absence of such a clause in the sectoral agreements does not prevent us from consulting on human rights with the country concerned or from using any of the other instruments of the European Union's human rights toolbox.
I will open my blog with a warning to citizens not to use these types of abusive practices and to be aware of the abusive practices of the European City Guide, but it is up to the Member States to implement the possible protection.
Madam President, to tell you the truth, it seems that this afternoon we actually have a number of sitting generals in the House!
Although the number of children diagnosed with dyslexia, dysphagia, dyscalculia, dyspraxia and other specific disorders is increasing significantly - it is estimated that dyslexia affects only 10% of children in the United States - many, if not most, of the affected children in Europe remain undiagnosed, so a large number remain without help.
Another aspect that perhaps interests some people even more, without fungicides and herbicides to protect and cure grassland diseases, many golf and bowling fields will become infested with weeds and will no longer be usable.
Among these projects are the Memorial to President Pöttering, a museum dedicated to the short history of the EU, or the conversion of Parliament's parking lot into a spa with spas.
For example, we can abolish the incomprehensible EU ban on Swedish slaughter.
We have learned of the attacks on Kurdish institutions and DTP offices and the attempts by angry nationalists to lynch their Kurdish countrymen.
It remains to be seen whether Santa's sled will be included in the Community greenhouse gas emissions trading scheme.
The C-SIS has also undergone a major update with the full commitment of the French Republic, which I would like to thank.
When we look at a document of this kind, we may wonder about the ambiguous role of the European Union, which gives one to the nail and the other to the chisel.
We have just introduced the euro as an internal reinforcement programme for the internal market and we already have the Lisbon Strategy, despite all the reservations and problems that may accompany it, as a fitness programme to prepare us for global competition.
It is mainly the LGBT community (lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transsexuals).
I don't understand why Moroccan winemakers should buy expensive must from southern countries just to replace a 200-year-old tradition of adding sugar, which would alter the traditional bouquet and flavor of their quality wines.
Let me begin with what the Commissioner has already pointed out in his speech, which is the effect on children, because one of the campaigns this year is, of course, Stop AIDS in Children.
It is a polychrome secret that companies commonly use cross-border loss deduction to transfer profits to areas and countries with reduced tax levels in order to reduce the corresponding tax burdens.
Imagine the horror of a person accidentally stabbing himself with a syringe and then having to face a terrible wait to find out if he has contracted some dangerous infection, such as HIV or hepatitis B!
I voted to eliminate the number that encourages states to ban the wearing of hijab by girls.
I would also like to see an interim review of the roadmap for equality between men and women, which contains many beautiful words but for now no regulation on the horizon.
In writing. - (RO) While we appreciate the Commission's environmental concerns, we are concerned about the low relevance of the indicators used in the algorithm for calculating the allocation of emission allowances.
We must not forget the traditional information-based police action, which, although more difficult to implement in a cross-border context, should not be taken for granted in the face of the miraculous temptation of databases, as they raise major questions in terms of data protection and security.
I would like to know whether it is the Member State in charge of the frigate which is responsible for granting asylum to the boat people intercepted and ensuring their reception.
Being invisible or amblyope is a disability that makes it impossible to see the world through your own eyes.
So we want to connect the wires on 1 and 3.
But instead of trying to calculate when the data gives us enough evidence to conclude that the engines actually meet the emission requirements, and all the proof-of-hypothesis, I think I could use the same data that we used in the last video to now come up with a 95% confidence intervention.
I'm just using the same data to get a 95% confidence interval for the average emissions for this new engine design.
So let me draw a T distribution right here.
And so if we want to find an interval, then this is a normalized T distribution where the mean will be zero.
So if you randomly take a T value from this T distribution, that has a 95% chance of being within this distance of the mean.
Let me roll that a little to the left... 0.942.
So that's the high point of our band.
Sacajawea and several other girls were abducted by a group of Hidatsa Indians.
After all, not only were they from the Sacajawea tribe as their leader, chief Cameahwait was their own brother.
One of the reasons the flirt didn't get a chance to be represented is because his face is shaded, we barely notice his eyes and her eyes are completely hidden by the glow in the beautiful, delicate cup he holds in front of his face.
In the '70s, if artists used lipstick and varnish, and had anything to do with fashion, it was discussed as being an artist.
And I can assure you that 99% of the kids in the classes eat meat, dairy, or eggs.
Okay, now, if you're vegan, which means you've chosen not to eat any meat from any animal, no animal meat, no cows, no chickens, no pigs, no turkeys and no fish, surprise! Fish is not vegetable.
How many of you have seen the movie The Matrix ?
In fact, if you think it's from the picture of the box where you're getting your milk, you're wrong.
By the time I finish presenting today, more than a million animals will have been slaughtered.
Either you're seeing an animal or you're seeing food.
It's the highest quality of the human race.
But if you were to stop someone from killing a pig in front of you and then go home to eat it for breakfast that's called hypocrisy.
So let's take a three-year-old from any country in the world and you put this three-year-old in the room and you put five animals in line in front of this three-year-old, a pig, a dog, a cow, a cat and a chicken.
The three-year-old has to be taught no, no, no, no, don't play with him, eat him, play with him, take care of him.
If you take a baby and put it in a crib and you put a chicken cub on the right side and an apple on the left side, which you think the baby will try to play with, and which do you think the baby will try to eat?
If you walked out now and saw someone pick up a baseball bat to hit a dog's head, what would you do?
If you take a fish out of the water, what's their reaction?
And veganism is simply changing this perception.
I mean, what if I was humanitarian stealing from you?
You don't need a business expert to come to this conclusion.
She starts breastfeeding during pregnancy, right?
You'll probably say I work for a cigarette company, right?
You can see that the reason most people are lactose intolerant is because all mammals, and humans are mammals, have an enzyme known as lactase.
This enzyme breaks down the sugar known as lactose.
What's the number one cause of food joy among babies and children?
I can't give up the cheese.
The greatest trick ever invented was convincing people that they need to drink milk.
And we have the carnivores, the tigers, the cheetah, the jaguar and we have the deer, the antelope and the gazelle.
In fact, there's an alert on the fish packaging.
It's like people know someone who's vegan and sick.
You have to put the right fuel in it to make it work properly.
And I guarantee you, what people will tell you when you say you put gas in your car.
When someone puts a hamburger in their mouth, nobody says,
Mac Danzig, who fought in the last Vale All, he's the first season champion, UFC fighter, no meat, no dairy, no eggs, no fish.
It would be a carcass on your plate.
In a healthier observation you'd have scrambled eggs, I'd have my scrambled tofu.
It even has sour vegan cream,
Again, that's not healthy, but it's healthier than cow's milk ice cream.
Actually, it's made of tapioca and plowmeat.
And I never thought about it before, that something was being slaughtered, and that's my ground meat, it's my steak and stuff like that.
When the tow truck arrives, the herds of cows will roll.
People, if you want more information, you can email me at james@arff.org you can visit our website to get all this information at www.arff.org
You can give them more control over the price, which is what Radiohead did with the online release of their album pay-as-you-go.
The Danish chocolate company Anthon Berg has opened a shop called a generous shop in Copenhagen.
When Microsoft Kinect came out, the motion-controlled plugin on its Xbox game console immediately caught the attention of hackers.
The first step to maintaining compliance is to develop a social media policy within the company to regulate social media integration with the public so that its employees know what they need to do to comply.
Hootsuite understands this challenge and has partnered with Global Relay, a leading corporate archiving provider capable of maintaining compliance on social media.
The best practice is to designate a small qualified group responsible for approving messages to ensure that all published messages comply with their policy.
This means that messages from all your connected social networks can be easily reviewed by the company's compliance crew and industry regulators.
After configuration, any team member who posts using Hootsuite will have their messages automatically archived in the Global Relay system, offering sending solutions for their social media.
The partnership between Hootsuite and Global Relay provides a comprehensive overview of social media messaging and easily integrates your social media archiving with existing email and conversation archiving.
So four, almost five years ago, Proposition 8, the big altercation on marriage equality,
For me, photography is not just about exposing a film, it's about exposing those who see it to something new, to a place they've never been, but more importantly, to people they might be afraid of.
My goal is to take a simple portrait of anyone who is anything but 100% straight or who feels that they belong to the LGBTQ spectrum in some way.
My goal is to show the humanity that exists in each of us through the simplicity of a face.
The creation of automatic empathy had become the skeleton of Self-Speaking Truths.
After traveling so much and meeting so many people, let me tell you, there are just as many assholes and loving people and Democrats and Republicans and athletes and princesses and any other stereotype that you can think of within the LGBT community as there is in the human race.
Last year, you worked at a regional art museum, helping to structure its collection and making guided tours of visitors.
So you wrote him an e-mail and found out that the cousin of the photographer's wife is publishing a sustainability magazine, which hires a writer who plays on a baseball team with a referee who, you won't believe, is an organic farmer.
For this job, all I needed were my hands and my massage bed next to me.
The belly of the legs were thick metal blocks with tubes pinched to the ankles and a pair of yellow rubber feet with a rubber from the big toe to the ankle that looked like a vein.
That's when a new phase of my life began.
Four months later, I was back skiing even though things didn't go exactly as I expected.
Sounds like a funny comic strip, but let's look at the online search I did.
At some point, in 1977, this rejection note
I'm a humor analyst, so to speak.
It's like an amusement park.
Couldn't be the guy asking if the explosive was too tight.
Or another cartoon I didn't show because I thought people might get offended.
To lead to better investments, higher productivity, more wealth, a greater share for all.
Get me out of the plane wreckage.
Since we're in Edinburgh, I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
Imagine Bell sitting in the outpatient ward, the students around him, the patients signing up for the emergency room to be registered and brought in.
Bell says, "How was the crossing on the Burntisland boat?"
I got your Fife accent.
And finally, she has a dermatitis on her right hand fingers, a dermatitis that's typical of linoleum factory workers in Burntisland.
His father used to go down to the basement and beat the light one in the wine barrels to determine how much wine was left and if it needed to be ordered again.
That's how the stethoscope and the aurora were born.
Would he replace the place where he had the patient with a computer screen?
It had beautiful facilities, a giant lobby, assisted parking, a piano that played solo,
We signal the passage of a lifetime with rituals.
None of us could escape that ritual that had nothing to do with detecting cramping in the lung, or finding a galloping rhythm of heart failure.
What do you think is zero to the first power?
This ratio here says we have 92 cans of soda for every 28 people.
For once in a lifetime the longed-for tide of justice may rise, and the story may ripple with hope.
Wait this spring for the new book by Paul Hawken, an author and entrepreneur many of you know.
When it is published, a series of wiki pages will be launched simultaneously under the WISER label.
The second category is online philanthropy markets.
These funds are to philanthropy what venture capital funds, private equity funds and eventually mutual funds are to investments, but with a smaller one because a community is often formed around these funds, as happened at Acumen and elsewhere.
Xigi is a new community page that's built by the community,
Now, what's really interesting here is that we're not thinking our way in a new way of acting; we're acting our way in a new way of thinking.
Words like philanthropic capitalism and natural capitalism and philanthropic entrepreneur and philanthropy of danger .
And as we hear here, it's no exaggeration to say that we have the future of our civilization in our hands, more than ever.
The Vietnam War was going on, the Civil Rights Movement was going on, and the images had a tremendous influence on me.
I saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, especially visual journalism, can shed light on the benefits and costs of political policing.
There were 10 IRA prisoners who were on hunger strike to protest prison conditions.
In Guatemala, the central government, controlled by an oligarchy of European descent, was waging a scorched earth campaign against an indigenous rebellion.
A destroyed tank belonging to the Somoza National Guard became a monument in a park in Managua and was transformed by the energy and spirit of a child.
With no political will to find common ground, the continuing friction of manoeuvre and counter-tactics only creates suspicion and hatred and revenge and perpetuates the cycle of violence.
A mosque in northern Bosnia was destroyed by Serbian artillery and was used as a makeshift mortuary.
The Bosnian soldier who led me told me that all his friends were already there.
One of the things I had to learn as a journalist was how to deal with my anger.
The international community responded with massive humanitarian aid and hundreds of thousands of lives were saved.
The next day I went to Rwanda and it was like taking an elevator to hell.
Perhaps because of the lesson learned, the weak reaction to the war in Bosnia and the failure in Rwanda when Serbia attacked Kosovo, international action was taken much more decisively.
NATO forces advanced and the Serbian army retreated.
An aluminum factory in Czechoslovakia was filled with smoke and carcinogenic dust, and four out of five workers showed up with cancer.
I've been working on a major plan on crime and punishment in the United States.
A prisoner in an Alabama prison was punished by being handcuffed to a pole in the midday sun.
This is a medical helicopter trying to resuscitate a soldier who had been shot in the head.
After enduring extreme pain and trauma, the wounded face a difficult physical rehabilitation and psychological struggle.
One day, in rehab, I started talking about surfing and all those guys who had never done pranchism said, "Hey, let's go!"
My TED wish: There's a vital story that needs to be told, and I want TED to help me do that, and then help me find innovative and exciting ways to use photojournalism in the digital age.
Wait for the device to start and then use the router setup sequence on the HBUS computer board.
It acts like a human body, so to speak.
About 200 miles an hour before a circular .
And you don't seem like a crazy guy; you're a Swiss aviation pilot, so you're more of a method and rigor type.
In a hunt, we have an ejectable chair.
So I have a professional pilot's approach with a pioneer's respect for Mother Nature.
If there are fewer pages to show than you have on your website, make sure we can find and track your content and that it offers value.
If you recently purchased your domain, it may have a poor presentation because it previously contained problematic content or spam.
If you think this is the case, then you're going to want to make a connection to the webmaster tools, add and verify your new website, and then submit a request for reconsideration, noting this information.
Adding a navigation bar or a menu is a clean and popular way to improve navigation on websites.
Select the paper clip icon and attach the image or file.
When you click on that icon, a new window will appear asking you to select a new Twitter profile.
A link to the image will be displayed. Enter your message and select the networks where you want to post that message.
Internally, you take a shock to your internal system.
In extreme cases, they were known to attack someone in the front and then
So we're going to use the same code essentially, actually let me just move and paste,
And that's part of the circle.
It's a good lesson that seldom on the first try does something work perfectly.
He gave me the factor of 3 and now what's cool is because now my Python interpreter is assuming that this definition has been made
Because the reality is that a year after losing their legs, and a year after winning the lottery, the lottery winners and paraplegics are equally happy with their lives.
The experiments I've done in my lab, and the ones economists and psychologists have been doing all over the country, have revealed something really amazing to us, something we call the impact bias, the tendency of the simulator to work badly, to make you believe that the difference between results is more significant than it actually is.
You might know Harry S. Langerman, but you don't know him, because in 1949, he read a little article in a newspaper about a hamburger kiosk, by two brothers called McDonalds, and he thought,
We can sell you a franchise of this for $3,000.
We did this experiment on patients with anterograde amnesia.
This is the normal control group. If you ask them, they know which recording they chose.
Images of people running through the streets of New York and Washington, chanting American chauvinist phrases, waving their flags as if they were members of a cult, raising the death of a human being, reveals another angle of this disease that we call modern society.
In this video, we're going to look at how to draw an electron to the structure of simple organic molecules that have a simple connection.
Considering the molecular formula CH4 this is methane. I want to draw the electrovision structure of a methane molecule.
I'm going to look here in my organic periodic table and I think the carbon, I can see that the carbon is a group of 4. So the carbon has four Valencia electrons.
I can see that Valencia's electron carbon is going to be one, two, three and four. And to get to the eight electrons, you have to get to the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth.
Looks like a cookie.
VIP is David Armando and we're gonna try to record these things once a week so you don't see our pretty faces and you know what's going on in the course.
Just to be clear, this isn't class web programming, it's computer programming engineering.
They actually prefer Berkeley's YouTube version of these or Berkeley's iTune version of these to the course version of them so we thought we'd tell you how to do it, see if you'd like it.
But I have to say, for those of you who have had a positive opinion about it and you're, you're kind of working around the difficulties and having with us, we really appreciate that.
And my hope is that we're gonna have some interviews with some computer programmers and mini celebrities here in the Bay Area.
So watch out for the first episode of Sass.
Because it's a big planet, there were people coming from the continents who made it look very different and far from each other, and when they met again, the cruelest thought they were superior to the others, it was a massacre, and now the degenerates dominate everything.
Your brains must be the size of a lamb's coconut.
We could put some manure in their salad.
sides of this equation by A and you'll have the sine of beta is equal to x
But it also acts as a kind of relay station that re-radiates and redirects information to many other parts of the brain.
So we can compare and contrast the great ideas.
These are techniques that we can use, that can be applied to a wide range of problem solving.
By the way, this is how we develop and develop strategy at Autodesk, in some of our organizations and some of our divisions.
The professor has in front of him a line of levers labeled 15 to 450 volts and a line of switches ranging from mild to severe shock.
A scientist meets the professor.
That's me, Jack or Jack the Donkey, if you want in my daily routine.
Return to a hotel with no reputation
But somehow, it's become a permanent dormancy. Everyone's looking for stronger sensations and emotions, and the stronger epiphany is pain.
Calm down my son, calm down
Ed lives in a housing project in upstate New York and makes money as a blacksmith.
It 's top of the line .
They work exactly like a giant greenhouse.
Cultivating over hectares and hectares of wild plants, and then only growing corn, for example, is better for life all over the planet.
Today, a coal or gas plant simply uses coal or gas to heat its steam water.
Beneath the Earth's crust is a very hot rock-metal fusion core.
The cost of taking the pencil and marking the X is greater than the possible benefit of the decision , which is why we 're capturing this effect .
You have benefits now, but when the sun comes up they won't make it easy.
Facing a vampire at night is the thing about idiots like you!
We're out of gas, so we can't take him.
This is a lesson for you, cowardly beast of barbarians!
I'm sure you'd love to cool off.
You are so self-centered Meier!
Can you give me a ride to the next area?
Spatial thinking is deeply connected to the way we understand much of what surrounds us.
Siftables are an example of a new ecosystem of tools for handling digital information.
We started to realize that one of the interesting implications of interaction was being able to use everyday gestures as information, like pouring a color the same way you pour a liquid.
There are effects we can control live, like reverberation and filters.
The idea I want to leave is that we're on the brink of a new generation of tools for interacting with digital media that will bring information to our world in our own way.
The vectors when you get closer, they get bigger and bigger, and let me give you an increase in it.
So when a thought is powerful, it's because it's given a lot of credit and then, temporarily, you, the Being, are hypnotized by your own fantasy.
It's possible that even in the most intense pulse of any thought or emotion or activity, there's the recognition that nothing can remove what is and that I am what is.
I'm gonna make a nice little marshmallow jelly so you can give it to all your friends...
The most important thing is, don't let anything fall along the edge of your pot, or it'll get fat and ugly.
Husband: Is that a thermometer just for those who want to make a soft bullet?
The water over there has boiled, now just spill the jelly, take the water out a lot and I'll take it for the fire to melt.
Don't let the jelly get too hot!
Marshmallow seems like a super cool, modern thing, but actually, since the Egyptians they eat marshmallow in candy, did you know that?
They use the root of the flower to make it, but nowadays this flower is more used to make baby syrup, because the marshmallow itself actually helps with coughing.
And then put a little cognac at the end, shall we?
Theogony that we can isolate and label in many different traditions around the ancient Near East especially.
It is a story of the creation of the universe and serves as a justification, a justification for the supremacy of, of, of its greater God.
I'll pull the sleeve up.
A syringe with some inert... a few cubic centimeters of some inert... and we inject it into a patient...
This is a six-inch pin.
Listen, if you happen to make some money through this, we'll gladly accept it. (Laughter)
And I appreciate this moment when I can get on this stage with so many people who have given me so much comfort, just to tell the TEDsters;
Given that his tomato storage decreases by 176, how many tomatoes will he have left at the end of those three days?
I like this one, from the Belgian office. We met here in a rotunda, because the rotunda represented the social movement, without leaders, which characterizes social transformations, as opposed to the control coming from above, the crossing with red traffic lights.
This is a vodka solution and a gym solution.
Buying a local carpet, changing an electric light bulb, meeting speed limits, changing tires regularly does not seem to be enough in the face of the climate crisis.
It was built by a team using freewheeling hardware.
What I want to show you is one of the components that we've been testing recently: it's a solar fireplace.
All the green spaces we create are a convincing way for non-human beings to coexist with us.
This is the sound of genetic mutations that make bird flu a deadly human flu.
It's got this layout: buoys floating in the water, projecting one metro up, one meter down.
And we can also send a digital message to the fish.
Your user profile is what other members of your organization see, and you can easily change it by selecting the pencil icon next to your name.
Japan and the [inaudible] post can have incredibly high growth.
And as you advance the technology and you increase the term and then it makes sense.
Graphical user interface is a fancy term for new screen layout
End mill and drilling point
Well, I've got my sets now, so I need to upload my commute program
The remaining timer will use the last cycle timer information to display the remaining time in a program
The new configurable user Operating Timers and Equipment has been added to the current commands
No change to display warning message different screens added quick-help key
A big petrol truck came making noise on the road.
Our sources who were on the phone talking to officials in other cities determined that nothing resembling a mass murder has been reported so far west of the Mississippi River except in a potion in southern Texas.
...accurate reports from witnesses say that the people affected acted as if they were in some form of trance while killing and eating their victims, authorities are ready to examine the bodies of some of the victims.
What we need is to overthrow this fantasy that we are free citizens living in a democracy because we are actually mass victims of fascist dictatorship propaganda.
Physio Radiance is a fully hypoallergenic, anti-aging, and cutting-edge unisex skin treatment that teaches your skin to self-regulate, self-regenerate, and self-repair.
He then rips it off like a lira which point the suitors begin to take note of.
Oh, my God, this guy can tighten the bow. Maybe there's something about him.
Then Thelmachus also urges that Medon, a faithful herald, be spared.
How did we design the algorithm to do this?
This maneuver will be so fast that we can't use position comments to correct movement during execution.
Our wave is propagated to the right, but the media moves up and down.
Pass the mouse over the tweet and click the reply arrow.
You have to be connected to the network continuously for 45 minutes, which is how long these tests take.
The four variants of nucleotides, called bases, are made up of carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, and phosphorus atoms, and molecules have this look.
You can think of DNA as a huge library of information, information that's used for one thing: directing the construction of different protein molecules.
A usable sanitation system is crucial to creating acceptable hygiene conditions.
UNESCO estimates that 5,000 children die every day as a result. In total, 3.5 million children die each year due to lack of clean water.
And so, once again, stop the video if you don't want any more tips.
But that guy could only see, well, how many green hats are there and how many purple hats are there?
Roger and his team were working on a way to detect cancers, and they had a very smart molecule that they had designed themselves.
And what's great about fluorescence isn't just being brilliant, but being able to shine through the tissues.
The dissection of the sentinel lymph node has truly changed the way we treat breast cancer, melanoma.
Deep down, we've figured out a way to color tissues and paint the surgical field.
You decide it'd be cooler to paint the sides then use a text marker and paint one yellow.
You decide to start a hexagonal committee together to explore the mysteries of the ' unfoldings
There's a new reality show on television, and it's called The Room... I should write in blue... but it's called The Room with the Blue Forehead
So I took a pack of orange soup and poured it into the glass to take this photo.
If you write, I know, emotion and structure, you get 10 pages of results.
Our second example in operation is the pivot randomly selected by regions Rapid Classification [inaudible].
And I think it's a good tool for you to have in your case if you've never seen it.
You know us, and they're often Rhodes intellectuals, who went to Harvard or Princeton, but even then, if you're downtown Kingston you're looking at one of the most depressing places you can see in any middle-income country in the world: a sad, depressing landscape of burned and half-abandoned buildings.
When I talk to people, I remember talking to a community, for example, in Iraq, who asked me if the riot we saw in front of us -- a mob looting a city hall building -- was a sign of a new democracy.
It's not that he's making peace with you or your neighbors.
And the second thing we need to do is understand the genius of our societies.
I don't understand why anyone would be fierce.
Do you know what it means to be gay?
No, isn't it the gate or the Golden Gay Bridge?
My friend talks about it all the time they use the word gay like anything else you don't just say, hey, you're gay! kiki is that stupid because you'd be so bad with someone else?
Little do they know that people are bad and they don't want to suffer moral harassment.
You can't read minds. You can't guess if someone likes you or not.
The surprise of Ulysses, to the point of jumping over them would be completely lost.
If the real Odyssey ever comes back, he'll be careful about whether he should come on a waltz just right here, or come back disguised, because things are a little out of his house.
She's sitting listening and the next thing we hear Homer saying is that, but as for supper, what could be less attractive than what a powerful man and goddess would spread before them as soon as a party groaning for them would first plan their vicious crimes.
This is the piece on display in a gallery in New York.
The tobacco room is too strong.
And the solution I offer is for the biggest culprit of this massive mistreatment of the earth by humanity, and the consequent decline of the biosphere.
As an industrial engineer, aspiring and then successful entrepreneur.
After starting my company, Interface, from scratch, in 1973, 36 years ago, to produce slate boards in the U.S. for the corporate and institutional market, and to take it from its early stages and survival to prosperity and global dominance in its field,
They started describing me as the greenest CEO in America.
No amount of advertising, no intelligent marketing campaign, at any price, could have produced or created such a goodwill.
And I myself met this person in the early days of this mountain climb.
And that can't be done without free resources that can't be built without a community that can't contribute if it doesn't have an efficient anchorage.
From the chainsaw to the next bar
That we'd walk together on the green grass.
The next minute, Tyotka was sitting on a sled next to her owner.
Wow, there's something very heavy in the suitcase!
Next to Luca Alexandrovich stood Fedyushka, with her father's racket on her head.
The robot I have in my hand is this and it was created by two students,
This robot is equipped with a camera and a lightning scanner , a laser scanner .
I don't think going to work on Fridays in jeans and a T-shirt is exactly getting to the root of the problem.
Then we went up the hill with him to the local cafe, and we shared a pizza, and then we went home, and I bathed him, and I put on Batman's pajamas.
See, before you could sell a record for $10 or $16.98 as a fucking record because there was this mystery about how it was made.
Faced faint, eyelid swollen, kneeling, he knew decadence and shame.
Everything is perfectly clear, that is, educational...
He condenses the episode of the fool with that of the fall: with the sword in his waist, the prodigal son plays the flute, while at his feet, waiting for him... two pigs!
Richly dressed, in the middle of a whorehouse, in a luxurious brothel, with a prostitute sitting on her knees, the prodigal son invites us to savour the pleasures of a fawning life and to taste this peacock, symbol of luxury and vanity!
This is not an isolated case: his colleagues are represented in taverns and Dürer is drawn among pigs Rembrandt gives the prostitute the traits of Saskia van Uylenburgh, his own wife!
He also manifests his Protestant faith by opening his heart to him without begging: only God, in his infinite freedom, will grant him or not his grace.
We see here a bottle depot on a remote island off the coast of Baja California.
A four-month-old calf from Laysan's albatross died with this in her stomach.
Despite my feminine hat, made of crochet with plastic bags, they shake my hand.
And that ridiculous wig that Reynaldo used to wear, huh?
If I made a movie with a story like that, they'd say the script was wrong, that doesn't happen in life.
Just renting that firm cost me $5,000.00.
That's true, but I also don't know if bucket will solve your life.
Wow, that's got a moment, huh?
Go over there and ask that glasses guy.
Only a fearless and determined heart will win the gold medal.
She walked elegantly, like a giraffe in the African savannah, holding the flag on her shoulder.
She cuts the umbilical cord with a stick, and ties it up with her own hair.
No wonder at five I was already a furious feminist, although this term had not yet reached Chile, so no one knew what the hell was going on with me.
Outside, there's a line of women waiting for hours to be treated.
In five or six years, they have a forest, the soil is enriched and the village is saved.
For every dollar given to a women's program, there's $20 given to men's programs.
Early example: The Sugarhill Gang sampled the bass chorus of Chic's Good Times on the 1979 hit Rapper's Delight.
So in 1961, William Burroughs not only invented the term heavy metal, the kind of music Zeppelin and other bands would explore, he also produced a primitive remix.
In the mid-1970s, Led Zeppelin was the biggest touring rock band in the United States, but many critics and musicians classified them as plagiarians.
Dazed and Confused contains different lyrics, but it is clearly an uncredited version of a song of the same name by Jake Holmes.
Most British blues bands were recording many covers, but unlike Zeppelin, they did not claim to have composed them.
I thought it would be an interesting idea and incorporated it into a design workshop.
It 's a blog where you can see how to make marshmallows jelly .
And the guide said , kangaroo , which meant , I don 't know .
But in those previous entries in the dictionary of synonyms, our language does not allow us to evolve to the reality we all desire, to the possibility of an individual seeing himself as capable.
A few years ago, I was at the market in the town where I grew up in that red zone in northeastern Pennsylvania, and I was looking at a box of tomatoes.
The most remarkable thing is that he said that he had kept leaf cuts from all my childhood, if I won the spelling bee, in the second year, walked with the scouts, at the Witch Day parade, won a scholarship, or any of my wins in sports, and used those cuts to teach intern students, medical students from Hahnemann and Hershey medical schools.
That there are some barriers to competition, that allow for these monopoly incomes that we are talking about roughly and, finally, that some sectors are simply more profitable than others.
And you, yes, and the members of parliament will be forced to choose which one, sir.
While other riverside civilizations needed complex hydraulic engineering and labor-intensive projects to irrigate the plantations, the Nile was so calm that the Egyptians could use a simple way of water management, called basin irrigation, in which farmers used floodwaters to fill the basins on land and canals for irrigation.
First, the rulers were foreigners from the lowlands of Nubia.
They were able to conquer much of Egypt thanks to superior military technology such as brass weapons and compound bows and fireflies.
So you can imagine that if we're really enlarged on the surface of the heart and we're looking at the tissue of the heart muscle, if that person with that heart needed to go for a slow run and that heart muscle cell needed oxygen, they probably wouldn't be able to receive the oxygen needed because of the stenosis that caused the ischemia.
Juan, listen to my son play the violin.
A treat to say he's stealing them.
Because the truth is, not a single phone has... (Laughter)
We are a small fishing tribe located on the southeastern tip of Long Island near the city of Southampton, New York.
And three days later, driving very fast, he was chasing a unique type of giant cloud called a supercell capable of producing grain-sized hailstorms and spectacular tornadoes even though, in fact, only 2% do.
$1 trillion each.
Imagine each of these different varieties with each other like a poodle and a grand damani .
The other is that maybe this Fowler apple or maybe a variety of wheat that's not economically viable today has resistance to disease or pests or a quality that the others don't have that we'll need for climate change.
You can see a sketch of these facilities built on a mountain in Svalbard.
I know this puts me a little bit of a jerk, but... (Laughter)
There are 70,000 samples of different varieties of rice in these facilities right now.
It works like a safe deposit box.
When someone says they want to be happy, it's a big advantage, because you know that that person is lost, because happiness is intransitive, it's a compass that points in all directions.
It's a typical eukaryotic cell, but what I want to do is see what happens when a phagocyte encounters a strange particle or bacteria.
The saxophone is the only musical instrument that uses a crank to turn a wheel that fricts the strings, like the bow of a violin, to produce music.
If you notice deviations in any of the passive symptoms, like hearing voices, anorexia or aggression, and you're out there beating people, or killing people, or whatever -- that shows a disruption in the function of basically healthy living -- and that needs treatment.
It's a small OS k, a kernel with less than 10,000 lines of code.
Say, some hollow tree and then for morning calls and dinners!
My brown bread will soon be gone.
The sport of bait digging is almost the same as fishing, when a snail is not very interested, and that you can have everything for yourself today.
I think you can justify that one worm for every three thorns you turn, if you look well between the grass roots, as if it were bark.
I saw the roach earlier in the woods behind where my house is built, and probably still heard his complaints at night.
Usually I rested one or two hours in the shade at noon, after planting, and ate my lunch, lunch and read a little by a spring that was the source of a swamp and a stream, oozing under Brister Hill, half a mile from my field.
I took the pill in which the three I particularly described were struggling, took it to my house, and put it under a glass in my chest window, in order to see the question.
I could hear the common splash of water when it came, and so did they detect it.
Digging one day for worms from the fish, I discovered the peanut (Apius tuberosa) in its string, the aboriginal potato, a kind of fabulous fruit, which I had begun to doubt if I had ever dug and eaten as a child, as I had said, and had not dreamed of it.
In these days of fat cattle and waving grain fields this humble root, which was once the totem of an indigenous tribe, is very much forgotten, or known only for its vine blossoming, but keeps reigning wild nature here once more, and the grains of competitive and luxurious English will probably disappear before a myriad of enemies, and without the care of man the raven can take back until the last corn seed to the great thousandth of
As the wasps, before I finally entered the winter quarters in November, I used to stay on the northeastern side of the Walden, that the sun, reflected from the pine field and the stone shore, made the fireside of the pond more pleasant, both and wholesomer to be warmed by the sun while you may be, than by an artificial fire.
However, I spent a few happy nights in that cool, airy apartment, surrounded by rough brown plates full of us, and beams with the shell in high overload.
Nowadays the host does not admit to his home, but has the quarry to build one for himself somewhere in his alley, and hospitality is the art of keeping himself at the greatest distance.
These are the little compressed air guns that contribute to making the crack ice and scream.
In the course of the summer I had discovered a series of field pine trunks with the bark in, tied together by the Irish when the railroad was built.
Gilpin, in his account of the Forest Borderers of England, says that the invasions of the invaders, and the houses and fences therefore erected over the boundaries of the forest, were considered as great disturbances by the ancient forest law, and were severely punished under the name of purprestures, such as tending ad terrorem ferarum - ad nocumentum forestae, etc., to the scare of the game and to the detriment of the forest.
Mechanic and merchant who come personally to the forest on no other mission, sure to participate in the timber auction, and even pay a high price for the privilege of collecting after the logger.
Though primarily, but a humble route to nearby villages, or to the timberman's staff, once amused the traveler more than now by its variety, and remained more in his memory.
Semi-destroyed Cat's barn holes still remain, though known to few, being hidden from the traveler by a strip of pine trees.
I had ended up sinking my head over it when the bells rang, and in haste the hot engines rolled that way, led by a straggling company of men and boys, and I among them above all, for I had jumped the stream.
Nor were they rich in material goods, holding the land for suffering while he lived, and there, often the sheriff came, in vain, to collect taxes, and attached a chip, for the love of form, as I have read in his accounts, there being nothing more he could put his hands on.
I had read of potter's clay and wheel in the Scriptures, but it had never occurred to me that the pots we used were not, as they had descended uninterruptedly since those days, or cultivated on trees like huts somewhere, and I was satisfied to hear that this was a figurine of art already practiced in my neighborhood.
It was invaded by Roman absinthe and beggar-toads, who hang on to my clothes for every fruit.
The skin of a marmot was recently spread over the back of the house, a trophy from his last Waterloo, but without the warm lid or gloves he would want more.
These cellar teeth, like desert fox touches, age holes, are all that remains where once were the agitation and whirlwind of human life, and fate, free will, absolute foreknowledge, in some way and dialect or others were discussed in turns.
There was only a narrow crack left between the eyelids, by which he preserved a peninsular relation to me, thus, with half-blind eyes, looking out from the land of dreams, and endeavoring to realize me, a vague object or motif that interrupted his visions.
We've made many of us a dozen of a new theory of life on a fine mingau dish, which combined the advantages of coexistence with the lucid philosophy it demands.
I think he should keep a caravan on the road of the world, where the philosophers of all nations can stand, and on his sign should be printed, Entertainment for man, but not for his beast.
There, away from the street of the village, and except at very long intervals, from the whirlwind of sleigh-bells, I slid and skated, as in a large well-trodden backyard moose, covered by oak forests and solemn pine trees bent with snow or full of hangers.
I also heard the roar of ice in the lake, my great bedmate in which part of the
They waited in silence as he leathered the fox, followed by the brush for a while, and finally turned off to the forest again.
That night, a Weston scout came to the Concord hunter's cabin to ask for his hunting dogs, and told how for a week they had been hunting on their own from
Stratton was a sergeant in the old French war, and I have no credit for less noble hunting.
It's almost as if you'd seen a wild creature when a rabbit or parrot burst out of the distance, just a natural calamity, as expected as butterflying leaves.
Mania is a distinct period characterized by a strange and persistently elevated disposition, expansive or irritated, and abnormal and persistently elevated activity or energy
I often see the phrase that's all over the place that says,
Specific neurons and neurotransmitters, like norepinephrine, trigger a defensive state when we feel that our thoughts need to be protected from the influence of others.
But when we express ourselves and our views are appreciated, these defensive chemicals slow down in the brain, and the neurotransmission of dopamine activates rewarding neurons, making us feel powerful and increasing our self-esteem.
But from that area, the message cascades down to a structure called the amygdala, in the limbic system, the center of emotion in the brain, and that structure, the amygdala, determines the emotional meaning of what we're looking at.
It's a good example of the kind of things we do, we take a strange and seemingly incomprehensible neuropsychiatric syndrome and we say that the Freudian standard view is wrong, that we have an accurate explanation based on what we know about the neural anatomy of the brain.
This is a serious clinical problem.
The brain drain, the ones with the most training and qualifications leave and never come back.
It is the dependence on agricultural subsidies, the existence of lower-ranking schools and higher poverty rates in rural areas than in urban areas.
One in three children lives in poverty, which is what we call a rural ghetto.
My favorite is Bunn's Barbecue.
In this game, the class is split into two teams, each on each side of the playground. The teacher takes a chalk stick and writes a number on each of the tires.
There's this word in Fijian Hindi, Talanoa.
And that's really how a barometer works, which is something that measures the pressure.
So in reality, your account balance does not represent the money the bank has kept for you, it just shows the obligation the bank has to repay you that sum someday.
So, just like in the Granovetter model we're going to have a limit and there's going to be a limit that I rise up to, but it's going to be a little different.
Okay, training and health, if you want to get a group of people out of society, even to become healthier, that's a lot like a permanent ovation.
I loved that feeling, and I started skating when I was 10 years old in 1977.
The weird thing was that there was a liberating side to it all, because I didn't have to protect my championship record anymore.
I'd go through my head and see them, go to a warehouse where a bunch of my friends would skate, and I'd say,
Each one of them, you look at them, you can see one of them, and they recognize us right away.
We can hack into the Linux kernel, and make it more stable, right?
Such common diseases as depression, trauma, and phobia are not often detected in prison screening, and once in prison, the chances of getting proper treatment plummet because the system doesn't have that capacity, and because the environment is more punitive than rehabilitative.
That dynamic and interesting behavior in such a short time but I'm going through it, the power of the situation.
When you jump on the train the lines aren't incredibly long, when you go from the supermarket, when you go for dry cleaning, isn't it incredibly crowded, nor is it particularly empty?
Spatially, in terms of the distance between you knowing how to close a product or a directive is closer to my ideal preferences.
And this formula right here to solve any quadratic equation is called the general formula of the second-degree equation.
Or have you ever asked a store clerk to check for any special items in the system?
Now he's filming his classes from a modified closet inside his room.
Since 2007, every two months, the city has closed its busiest streets to traffic and turned them into a park for children and young people.
As the title suggests, automation is killing human labor faster and faster.
It's even harder in Edinburgh because we have to count all the whiskey and tartan.
Should they recover in a hospital cardiology unit or at home?
They knew that their hospitals were the right place for their patients, and they knew that it was unethical to do any kind of test or experiment.
Plutonium was found at the site in the state of fine dust and another element, amerycium was found in New England.
Well, if it was just hydrogen, a reaction between hydrogen and oxygen would create water, and what happens is that the sound of the wave traveling at the speed of sound is the deflagration.
You think I like being face-to-face with that son of a bitch?
The favorite was a mole named Grande .
Shorts and a shirt?
The Little Soldier kicked me in the ass.
Usually, we're so bombarded with constant requests from other people with this device, that we shut down the Internet connection in our calculator for a certain pre-defined time, so we can work a little bit.
This is Buster assembling a flexing machine in the office of his new company Habit Labs, where they're trying to create other apps like Health Month for people.
We had to hide them from our industrial designer until she accepted the job, and then she almost ran out screaming.
Its concrete foundations are very deep, but there are passing holes for the many rabbits that live in the borderline, which has nothing to do with animal protection.
People were literally fighting each other in front of the freezer, you know, in front of the fridge section of your local store because they wanted the old coke back.
Will religion be compatible with science?
In 1976, there was a lot of pressure for NASA to photograph this area because people thought it would be a monumental architecture made by Martians.
This casino paid $28,500 on eBay for the cheese sandwich.
There's a ReverseSpeech.com page where I downloaded these things.
I belonged to the astronomy club.
This is a case about setting up a magnet high school with a new type of curriculum that we hope will serve a struggling population.
These parents weren't afraid to tell the teachers what to do and control to see what they did.
The adult literacy rate in China was 77%, compared to 48% in India.
Many of our institutions, even football which used to be a pleasant pastime, now provoke riots in which there are deadly victims.
We might think that returning home to the real life in a robust materialistic culture would be coming home to a colossal banquet or an orgy of making love or a riot of music and dance;
At least the hashish does something to you.
That was a birthday pizza on an ice rink.
The beatbox is the original instrument.
The pump is the battery pump at the bottom and produces the most severe sound.
Against another kind of regime that we know, but which I do not want to be forgotten around the world, which is the agrarian dynasty.
This dignified cycle begins to take off.
Then we'll have to go get a new API.
The other tool we're going to use is the DOM Shoot library that can take a graphical snapshot of a specific DOM node.
Cut off the scout's microphone!
The tool shift arm will rotate in the reverse direction and put the tools back on the carriage and axle.
I'll leave my old cipher down here so you can compare it a little bit, but then I'll erase it because I don't want the same thing to be rounded twice.
Well, that's the same: print 'sum'.
So when you put that wardrobe (#), it essentially comments on that line.
But casinos and the raffle operate every day on this principle that if you have enough people -- surely, in the short term or after a few attempts, some of them can win the prize.
The typical plant food actually has over 1,000 units of antioxidant power, but for comparison purposes, just to be fair to animal foods, I'm going to pick the least healthy plant food that comes to mind: our old, well-known American iceberg alfalfa, which I think is basically just water.
But malaria -- up to one million deaths a year from malaria greatly underestimates its impact.
And actually, these free classes don't just have to be on the Internet, but they could also be made available on DVD, and so anyone with a digital disc reader could always have the best teachers.
This is the first campaign of its kind at the UN, and we want to engage as many men and boys as possible to become advocates for change.
See, cows are ruminants -- which means they create methane gas when they digest food.
Cow dung also creates nitrous oxide, which has 300 times the global warming effect of CO2.
There's been a lot of folklore developing around the ocean, mostly negative.
I can shake hands with my turtle just to make the character easier to work with.
I took them camping in the seaweed forests of California.
Before, if we wanted to record a song, we needed a studio and a producer.
Today, every day, 9,000 Africans will get HIV because of stigma and lack of information.
Actually, I come from punk rock.
Because by getting the gene from the green fluorescent protein and inserting it into a cell, that cell will turn bright green or, with the many current variants of the green fluorescent protein, we'll get cells to shine in many different colors.
Instead of putting poor human minds to design these tools from scratch, they used these ready-to-use solutions right there in nature, developed and refined over millions of years by the best engineer there is.
If you want to know, Sir Isaac Newton, the greatest scientist who ever lived, thought that Jesus came to Earth specifically to maneuver gravity's levers.
We use Ruby on Rails, that's the official name, your nickname is rails.
We can have good sleep hygiene.
But in fact, it makes all the difference, and in fact, there's one particular nerd who's been a particularly effective altruist because he understood that.
This is an extinction risk that we all became aware of recently, when an asteroid passed close to our planet.
Don't tell me a boy isn't important, and I'm going to use a somewhat reckless expression, armed with an internet-connected cell phone that's nervous about another boy.
Well, maybe you didn't realize the part where I saved you and Father Geppetto from a bunch of angry Russians.
Marcia is using an L rule and a compass to make the construction below interesting
We need to study new areas we don't have information on to improve our knowledge of the distribution of cetaceans in the archipelago.
Knewton is an adaptive learning and data mining platform that allows anyone, anywhere to upload content.
One of the revolutions we're going to see is that education will be less and less about content transfer, because this is going to be a basic product, and I hope one day it will be available to anyone around the world.
Open your notebook and find out for yourself.
Bright beings are us, not this raw material.
Now you're trying to reach a billion people on World Humanitarian Day.
Normally, the testicles should produce testosterone, the male hormone.
But atrazine turns it into an enzyme, a machine, aromatase, which turns testosterone into estrogen.
Calculator: It's a very profound notion to know that we, as women, are at the forefront of this.
Another species of special importance is a famous animal called the European aurochs.
Well, the Nation Review calls the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek
Give me a coffee with cream, please? And the waiter says,
This is all to cheer up our spirits, left-wing liberal skepticism, pseudo-Hollywood Marxism like Pelican's Brief, All the President's Men, which can seem very critical, you know, like,
Why do you leave the cinema feeling so good after watching, I know,
There is a complication with these documents and another group of documents, so we are under some blackmail in relation to these documents, which is very much something we will deal with later, but which would be difficult to solve at the moment.
And in the two of us together, the right of one to speak, and the right of the other to know, produces the right to communicate, and this is the foundation for all that we value in civilized life.
And I just wanted to ask if you see this as a change of tactics with your legal time dealing with your possible extradition to Sweden?
But in fact, what it seems to be saying, if we press on to it, within the reality that three people a day are being extradited from this country to the rest of Europe, is a mutual recognition of the elite in every country in Europe.
First of all, I can only control myself in making an obscene-- lovingly obscene-- comment on how, when I said I was getting Miss Egypt, no, I hope there's some American fundamentalist who would say, oh, now it's all clear.
The observatory had just acquired a new book, written by a Russian cosmologist named Joseph Shklovsky, and then expanded, translated and edited by a little-known Cornell astronomer named Carl Sagan.
It's a level of progress that would fit right in your briefcase, don't you think?
This survey is 10 years old.
And instead of the electron orbiting around it, which would be like a planet orbiting the sun, instead of orbiting around it, it's described by orbits which are functions of probability density.
Then we fill another electron, and later we'll talk about circles and other things like that.
And if we continue to make a lot of observations, we're going to get something like this bell shape, this way of stopping here.
Winning an FPS battle in Dust helps define who controls a sector in EVE or what resources are available to EVE players.
We don't just have the man in the cart, a member of the bourgeoisie, of the middle class, but next to him is a craftsman - a worker - in shirt sleeves, who probably couldn't afford a good carbine.
But it's also a wonderful opera.
But he painted it immediately, for contact felt like a cold shower all over him.
He was already in the hallway, and given the sudden movement with which he finally pulled his foot out of the living room, one might have believed that he had just burned the sole of his foot.
Gregor realized that he should not under any circumstances allow the manager to go away in this state of mind, especially if his position in the company was not to be put in greatest danger.
She did not find him immediately, but when she noticed him under the couch - God, he had to be somewhere or another, for he could not fly away - she was so shocked that, unable to control herself, she knocked the closed door, once again out.
Now it seemed very clear that, having assumed that they were listening to a beautiful or amusing violin training, they were disappointed and were allowing their peace and tranquility to be disturbed only by education.
She had tied to the violin and bow in her hands cleaning for a short time and had continued to look at the score as if she was still playing.
The other two kept their hands back and constantly rubbed them against each other, as if in cheerful anticipation of a big fight, which must end in their favor.
In the hallway all three of them took their hats off the seat, pulled their sticks from the cane holder, bent silently, and left the apartment.
Then the three of them left the apartment together, something they hadn't done in months, and took the electric tram to the open air outside the city.
Now the reason, of course, of all this equipment that you have in your office, everything that beats and all the sqweeee (keyboard) noises where we're sending information through the device using sound.
I thought it might be a good epilogue for my entire investigation.
Damiens, the regicide, was sentenced to the "Pena d'Honneur" in front of the main door of the church in Paris, where he would be taken and transported in a carriage dressed only in a shirt, holding a molten wax torch weighing one kilogram.
Using a disused fall wing of Stanford University, he and some of his colleagues built a rudimentary cell block with locks and secret audio surveillance to monitor the reaction of prisoners to the environment and other prisoners.
Following now to the punishments and their effects, I suggested that the violence of the criminal system encourages violence of more crime, more social division, more social illness.
I've got water in my mouth now and we're going to make a lemon juice too!
You can use it in as many recipes as you want or make green banana purée, finally... whatever you want you can do.
Husband: Can you make pudding with green banana?
Now just take it to the oven, it'll be in the oven for 50 minutes and I'll make the drink, which is not a drink, it's lemon juice and I'll be right back!
So the predicted score on y was the regression constant, or the intercept and tilt times the individual's placar on x. So, that's just the formula for a
Leo, I left my briefcase at your house.
And today on the show, I'm gonna make a vanilla cake filled with lemon...
Now I'm gonna take a Swiss sigh, put it on the cake.
And I'm about to show you a slow-motion movie that I made recently where you can see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the course of an hour.
I started on the edge, then I glued it and fixed it on the smooth side, then I made the curved side and turned around, and then I made the two profiles on this side.
It means that every perception we have has to coincide with a previous one that was similar or we have no continuity and we get a little confused.
If I'm eating spaghetti and I know I'm alone, I can eat like a digger, I can wipe my hand off my sleeve, chew with my mouth open, make little noises, scratch wherever I want.
Look, don't touch my branded pants.
But the story is more complicated, full of imperialist intrigue, a business crisis, smuggling and the underlying origins of the American War of Independence.
For a long time, American settlers felt that they should not pay taxes imposed by a legislature in which they had no representation.
The first Continental Congress supported the destruction of tea, proposed adherence to a continued boycott, and returned home in late October 1774 even more united in its determination to protect its rights and freedoms.
Der Rosenkavalier, a fantastic goal that gives the victory in a World Championship game,
Just think of jazz or American movies. They're everywhere.
We have to deconstruct our tastes and artistic preferences and explain how they've become embedded in our spirit.
This landscape appears today in calendars, posters, golf course designs and public parks, and in gold-framed paintings that hang in living rooms from New York to New Zealand.
So when you walk past a jewelry show where a precious stone is exposed cut in the shape of a beautiful tear, don't be so sure that it's your culture telling you that that shiny jewel is beautiful.
Before we go to the evil raptor who can blow our heads off?
So if a star starts out with much more mass than the mass of the Sun, it will end its life with an explosion leaving behind these wonderful supernova traces that we can see.
Because that's the way to suppress the energetic phenomenon we see in active galactic nuclei.
A black hole is not a good neighbor for a star nursery.
Now imagine if we created the world's first system where we could score foods according to their anti-angiogenic potential, and their anti-cancer properties.
She thought Mrs. Medlock the most unpleasant person she had ever seen, with her face, ordinary and highly colourful and her common coat thin.
Mary sat in her corner of the train car and looked simple and irritable.
Her black dress made her look more yellow than ever, and her limp light hair straggled under her black crepe hat.
That had been about a poor corcunda and a beautiful princess and made her suddenly pity Mr. Archibald Craven.
And she turned her face to the transmission panels of the railway window and looked out into the gray-storm rain that seemed to go on forever and ever.
Then they passed a church and a parish house and a little show or so in a house with toys and candy and strange things set up for sale.
There are twelve of us. My father only gets sixteen shillings a week.
He looked at the fat scarlet bird little vest as if he was so proud and liked him.
She had just taken a break and was looking at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind, when she saw a bright scarlet and heard a bright chirp, and there, on top of the wall, Ben's front pole
Sometimes they were images of dark, curious landscapes, but more often they were portraits of men and women in queer, large suits made of satin and velvet.
Yes, they're tiny growing things and they can be maple or winter bells or narcissus, she whispered.
He was very pleased to see gardening started on his own property.
It's the strangest house anyone's ever lived in, said Mary drowsy, as she dropped her head on the cushioned seat of the chair next to her.
Mary was not vain and that she had never thought much of her appearance, she was not very disturbed.
He flew to the nearest bush of crookedness and bowed his head and sang an unruly song to him.
And in the trunk of the tree, he stood up, a brown squirrel was grabbed and observed him, and behind a bush next to a pheasant rooster a stretch was gently the neck to spy on, and very close to him were two rabbits sitting and sniffing with trembling noses - and in fact it seemed that everyone was approaching to see him and hear the low strange little pipe call it seemed to make.
These are the organs that I think are best known for producing or allowing us to excrete waste.
And why not use the Internet -- (Applause) -- to do exactly what I wanted to do at the beginning, which was to play a variety of instruments, like maybe the banjo or the harmonica?
The film broke box office records, proving once again that women can star in big-budget movies.
Right, so for each thumb one value we end up with a different J value of thumb one and we could then use this to plot this plot to the right.
In another scene, a woman likes to masturbate with the teddy bear huddled next to her.
Take a look at this little tuff of capillaries.
The firing squad pointed, fired, the general was dead.
I realized that when I left the country, free and fair elections in a democratic environment were a dream.
The election commissioner has declared, with the consent of the parties, an unprecedented re-election.
She had started her business crouching in an abandoned garage, sewing sheets and aprons that she would take to markets around town so she could support the 12 or 13 family members who still counted on her to survive.
I met a woman who runs a business of essential oils, wines, and even the largest advertising agency in the country.
Apple launches the iPhone in China and censors the Dalai Lama as well as other politically sensitive apps, at the request of the Chinese government, in its Chinese app store.
Mark Fiore also had his satirical app censored in the United States because some Apple employees were concerned that it was offensive to some groups.
Stern, a German news magazine, had its application censored because Apple's maids found it a little too sexy for its users, despite the fact that this magazine is perfectly legal to sell in kiosks throughout Germany.
Now in China, we have the great security barrier, as is well known, which blocks Facebook, Twitter and now Google+ and many other foreign websites.
So you can use this kind of accounting system to describe the Commons trench.
Another more esoteric example is light pollution.
None of that is accessible in this dialog box, and so unlike the previous print dialog box where we saw the world in thumbnail and we could see that it was going to be cut, here we don't have the slightest idea what's going to be cut, and consequently, this is a much less efficient interface.
You can see the basic HTML here with the form. And the input password and the send button and we have a programming script here where we start our javascript running.
This is very similar to those volcanic theories that I talked about in the first presentation where, well, geology is aligned only in a certain way, lava is bubbling over the surface.
So in the Islamic world, these rulers can come and go, they can murder each other, and total loyalty is given to the one who has supreme power.
An aesthetic that some people call the fundamentalist practice of Islam disappeared with the deviant practices.
This map can help us see the expansion of Egyptian power during the 1830s, when Muhammad Ali's rule was at its height in, say, about 1840.
And then they labeled every line... magic, sword, shield, sling and shadow...
I could be a duck with a shadow!
Looting Rome became a hobby for the Barbarians, and the Vandals, thanks to their extraordinary ability to destroy and violence, gave us the word vandalism...
With almost the size of the Great Wall of China, it would hardly be an invisible structure.
It does not resemble a tsunami or a Katrina: very few crying children and destroyed homes.
They had to move this village in 1987 as a huge dune threatened to swallow it.
If we want to stop the advance of a dune, we have to make sure that we prevent grains from avalanching over it.
The first is to create a kind of balloon structure, fill it with bacteria, then allow the sand to bury the balloon and the bounce, spreading the bacteria through the sand and solidifying it.
But if I had something like a TED wish, it would actually be to build it, to start building this habitable wall, this city in the desert, very long but very narrow, built on the very crest of the dune.
In our tenure on this planet we have been accumulating dangers, baggage of evolution, prone to rituals and aggression, submission to leaders, hostility to different people, all of which puts our survival in doubt.
It's a fantastic piece of equipment, because it's like having a flying tripod, a crane and a dolly all together.
If that were false, it would be something wrong with our definition of big notation of the and then, really this is just to get more comfort with the definition, how to prove something isn't big of something else and to verify that you actually don't have any collapse of the distinctive powers of plynomials, which would be a bad thing.
It's easier to make an omelette with that than trying to make an omelette with the contents of two boiled eggs.
These mechanisms strike at about 200 hertz during flight, and the animal can use them to sense its body rotation and initiate evasive maneuvers very, very quickly.
Now that we know the tweminology of aldehydes and ketones, I'd like to describe in this video a reaction mechanism to create one of these compounds.
So let's say we have some benzene here, and in the first step of the reaction, the benzene will just stay still.
My handwriting is deteriorating...
And this one isn't that stable, by the way: let's find out that, curiously, it's VERY REACTIVE.
What we can, imagine from such low intra-industry, cross-industry price elasticity here.
Now I'm having trouble doing the math on something different kind of multiple pastel colors.
Tumblr, SoundCloud, an early YouTube, whenever people express themselves, make art, news or organize protests, there's an abundance of TV images, movie clips and music with mixed copyright inches.
I keep my fridge under the counter and I keep the toaster on top
So what you're going to do with your exercises is get most of the results from them is to produce the right signal and that signal is going to act on your body that will call an organism and if that organism has the proper resources it's going to make an adaptive response but make no mistake the signal is a facade for a negative thing
Not only that if we're going to burn so many calories says about the treadmill we would never have survived a hunt down a trip at this rate you wouldn't survive a trip to the grocery store it's all based on signage to influence wolves as well as your question
But being and keeping those that's not a bad thing people go through when they hear about mana because they think of the diabetic that it goes asbestos what happens is when you're diabetic you don't make any insulin so you're stepping up your type of glucose here that you can't get into the self people in the apartment to conquer pizza more and more often
If we could put these molecules in neurons, these neurons would be electrically conductive with light.
(Introduction: guitar chords) (drum/guitar rhythms with distortion) (bass chords) (sings slowly)
Sylvia is already a hero to many people and her desire was to generate public support to create a worldwide network of marine protected areas to save and recover the ocean.
On the other hand, there's the process of liking, fun, affection and pleasure and a huge flying beast with an orc on its back.
If we want to keep someone involved in the process of opening boxes to try and find pies, we need to make sure that finding a cake isn't too easy, or too difficult.
It's the simple idea that instead of evaluating people gradually, gradually, we give them a profile and a character avatar that's constantly evolving into small advances that people feel like theirs.
I look at them and I think, yes, we can take this idea much further if we allow people to set goals, calibrated targets using elements of uncertainty, using multiple targets, using a remarkable system of implicit rewards and incentives motivating people to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use all these sophisticated mechanisms of motivation and group work.
Rejected no, because it was white enough and white bread and so on... and it was amazing to see the quality of the altercation that came out of it, the things that came out of that little boy's mouth, and you'd think this little boy would really do something important if he didn't die before scurvy.
One missing piece of the puzzle is that our species has an extraordinarily bizarre recent history.
Let's first look at the analogy between Boltzmann's entropy and Shannon's information.
But it's represented, I, I like to use the phrase under the hood in r as an analogy as a, an engine works in a car, right?
She always had an amazing box with her, which had half the torso of a woman, and she taught everyone, wherever she went, what a healthy vagina looked like and what a mutilated vagina looked like.
It's great for your sushi and your salad.
The stance of a petulant actress in front of a curtain of theatre and smoke, the flood of trinkets and dresses, the dizziness of the wigs... ... is over!
To reduce expenses, you can replace a buffet with a snack or snack.
So we're going to talk about service-oriented architecture, a popular jargon that people used to think meant nothing.
Blogs, he had the inside of the blog. to the company where he would complain about maybe spoiling the company and he had a public blog that he was talking about technology.
He is also a pioneer in cybersecurity and a colleague who has developed an engaging presentation on the work of tracks within the field of information security.
This one stops at a grapefruit and says, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa".
You know, like 30 days of vacation, this festival of light is starting to shine in the world.
Thank you Lord for the beautiful spaghetti
Write Scsham I'd eat the manna, and taste sap oil says.
Well, maybe there's a connection between LSD and genius, but that's not something that any genius has ever talked about bars and people.
This nation faces great challenges, and the best idea we've heard from them so far is we're going to build a fence to electrocute Mexicans.
Let's do this a little differently than Eratosthenes, because I don't want you to need a camel to measure distances between cities.
I'm going to start by telling a story, or for those of you who love Monty Python, a sort of sketch of Monty Python.
Why don't we try packing these tiny viruses into artificial worlds inside the computer and let them evolve?
If you do it all at once, it's like playing poker and betting everything on the first play.
All they had was a front screen that had numbers and a red button that said, "Stop".
Those who want to go to the 10th floor go to cabin 2, and those who want to go to the 3rd floor go to cabin 5.
We choose a pole that satisfies us for a moment and then we start to feel uncomfortable, which forces us to move to the opposite pole, which also satisfies us for a moment, but then we feel uncomfortable again which forces us to change again.
I'm on a report and I need to get into the tunnels under the CBD.
What if it was a security patch for an intermediate memory burst, that Windows doesn't have just one, but several?
Let m equal the length of the middle platform. m half (or half) and then make b equal to the length of the shelf below b to bottom - shelf below.
There's one with the woman with her legs open and she's wearing a sweater with circles and says Bullseye, that kind of thing that young people, you know, very young, even 8-year-olds can go to the website and see, so many parents probably aren't aware that their teenagers are basically going to the American Apparel website to shop and see what's essentially pornography.
But what about the temporary menus that put your district?
And just to make the integration limits make a little bit more sense, because we know that 1 is less than b, we're going to swap them.
The skin is made of an opaque nylon mesh, which, if the lighting engineer wants the horse to almost disappear, can illuminate the bottom and the horse almost looks like a ghost.
When you or your team are working on a machine learning channel system, it can sometimes give you a very strong signal, a strong orientation, where parts of the pipeline can best employ your time to work.
So, in other words, we have a set of test images and for each test set image, we have to run it through the text section, then character nation 7, then character recognition, and we can find that in our test set, the accuracy of the whole system was 72 percent on one of the metrics chosen.
The sonnets have very strict rhyme schemes, a-b-b-a or a-b-a-b.
So she could say with great conviction, hey, let's do this bargaining thing with the chairs, but she could be skeptical about whether the same procedure would work with offices, because she couldn't think of a Lyapunov function.
If you want to fly but they cut off your wings you don't fall, don't give up flying high, don't give up
A reporter was interviewing Mark Zuckerberg about the news feed, and the reporter asked him,
So this is the specialty I'm talking about.
It may not be these sources, but a variety of others, but the point is that just as we could jump straight into wireless, in many emerging markets, we're jumping on this old technology called wireline, we're jumping on this ossified, old, outdated financial system as we find new ways to democratize finance.
Similarly, a more famous crowdfunding system, Kickstarter, last year raised $320 million in project funding, a remarkable, remarkable number!
This image shows an ancient river delta on Mars.
This means that Mars may not be a very good candidate for life right now because there is no liquid water on the surface and there is no protective ozone layer.
Every steam generated at the plant is sent to a turbine on the site.
It started with a big central computer like this, surrounded by a bunch of stupid terminals.
And this happened because of thousands of innovations by hundreds, maybe thousands of companies that dropped the price and improved the efficiency of broadband and speed of microprocessors and wireless, storage, and everything else, to the point where we no longer think, at least in the developed world, how much time we spend doing this or going to do that.
If you take your laptop calculator and crush it in front of another 50...
Tom Friedman tried to break it with a pneumatic hammer, but he didn't even get a scratch.
In the five years prior to 2010, Walmart reduced its giant truck fleet's fuel consumption by 60 percent per tonne-km through improved logistics and improvements.
China already leads in explosive growth and falling costs.
(Tensive musical theme playing) train going off track
It's covered by a crochet net that has mushroom spores embedded in it.
These capsules are embedded in a nutrient-rich gel, a kind of second skin, that dissolves quickly and becomes baby food for growing mushrooms.
Drive carefully, slippery floor when wet they put an abrasive on the road so she wouldn't slip when it rained.
I believe in chance, and one of the reasons I believe that is because I became a diplomat by chance.
I mean, it was a very dramatic diplomacy.
Unlike Virginia, the Board of Directors went from England to America, which meant that in Massachusetts they had a greater degree of autonomy and self-government than in Virginia.
The entire lining of our vascular tree becomes inflamed and hardens.
The whole thing is a crazy detective story so cool that I'm gonna put it on a series of videos next week, actually:
Thus, by simply ignoring the research, the board can reach a conclusion that would otherwise seem inappropriate.
When I first showed the building, the audience saw it as just a whim of our ego.
This area gets flooded three to four times a year, and there's a ditch behind our land similar to the one that burst in New Orleans.
I mean, what you want from a frame book is not to make things more complicated, it's already complicated enough.
And let's talk a little bit more about the assets and value of the company, and there's a little bit of a nuance there, but essentially, the company itself.
He's brave, like a cowboy should be, and kind and smart, but the only thing that makes Woody special is that he'll never give up on you.
And such fair until the day goes very hot and one and he sits under a leafy tree and falls asleep and he falls to his dome
Rachel Sarah Rabbi Akiva shame to live in a tent and say Del
While saving 3 percent, people may have to add some nice sneakers to walk in, because they can't afford anything else.
They have an exceptional facial expression technology that recognizes facial expressions, the facial expressions we're making.
So there's a very sharp decline in liberal ideas in the Muslim world and what you see is a more rigid, more defensive and more reactionary current, which has led to Arab socialism, Arab nationalism, and finally to Islamic ideology.
So what we're doing is taking out the most concentrated consumer of greenhouse gases, twice as many greenhouse gases are retained in half an acre of boreal than in tropical forests.
They can compromise the lives and health of some of our most disadvantaged and vulnerable people, the Aboriginal communities that have so much to teach us.
And there were two summers in Hyde Park in London with the Serpentine Gallery: a kind of weather pavilion where walking was the only way to see the pavilion.
Passing the prophet Samuel today the tomb was thrown over the liberation of Jerusalem daily prayer to the boys of his mother before becoming pregnant prayed over ketone and will make it his mother's coat seamstress was coat when he was born
Hold it God frees me to show it to him cracked his forehead safe stick hates his son
It's like you're in a city where the traffic light system suddenly changes.
That's why we offer teachers prizes if their students pass the big tests that are used to evaluate the quality of school systems.
She only got a part-time job because of her back, so she didn't earn enough to put food on the table and take care of her family.
They don't want to feel like they need to take a shower to get the moral dirt out of their bodies every day when they come home from work.
Maybe you can't afford that luxury yet... but you can afford to drive the best sedan in Brazil.
For certain purposes it is not very misleading to call our system democracy or capitalism or - even better - industrialism, but its real names are factory fascism and office oligarchy.
Listen to Aaron's new podcast 'Ponder TalkRadio' on:
This is a German shelter.
So the DNA goes in and collides with this blue, rosquin-shaped structure and it's separated in its two chains.
The nuclear envelope is breaking.
Lord Canning, a great English foreign minister, described 19th century Europe as the concert of European powers.
I have to talk to the Minister of the Interior because whoever entered my country, whoever lives in that terraced house in that inner city has a direct effect on what happens in my country, as we saw in London in the July 7 attacks.
And Vladimir Lenin who led the Bolshevik revolution and essentially created the Soviet Union.
He did not answer and turned his face away from her again, and Mrs. Hall, feeling that her advances were untimely conversation, put the rest of the things on the table a quick staccato and carried them out of the room.
He carried a white cloth - it was a napkin that he had brought with him - along the lower part of his face, so that his mouth and jaws were completely hidden, and that was the reason for his suffocated voice.
He wore a dark brown velvet coat with a tall, black, linen-coated throat appeared over his neck.
When Mrs. Hall went to clean the stranger's lunch, her idea that her mouth must also have been cut or disfigured in the accident that he supposedly had suffered, was confirmed, for he was smoking a pipe, and all the time she was in the room, he never let go of the silk scarf he had wrapped around the bottom of his face to put the mouthpiece to his lips.
For the most part it was quite still during that time, but it seems that he sat in the increasing smoking darkness by the light of the fire - perhaps snoring.
That he did not come, noticing Fearenside dog, who was smelling a diligent spirit in
Then the finest end of the Fearenside whip came to his property, and the dog, screaming in despair, retreated under the wheels of the wagon.
You're a doomed rum customer, sir, said Mr. Jaffers.
He took a kick in the cinnamon sounding that made him scream, but he kept his temper.
Jaffers grabbed him, and just helped pull him out, he was shot in the air's mouth, and incontinent threw his tape and wounded Teddy Henfrey savagely over the top of his head.
I don 't know if you 've ever seen a very good illusionist -
But I could--out of funk and absolute misery it's better you don't", said the voice, with quiet emphasis.
In the early evening time Dr. Kemp was sitting in his study at the belvedere on the hill overlooking Bardana.
The bar attendant leaned his fat red arms over the counter and talked about horses with an anemic carriage driver, while a gray-haired black-bearded man, Burton, drank and chatted in American with a police officer on leave.
Draw the screws, said the man with the black beard, and if he comes - he showed a revolver in his hand.
The glass of whiskey leaning on you.
He walked to a closet and produced a dark scarlet dress.
I hear voices talking, but the well is mostly this cacophony of men coughing and stone being broken with primitive tools.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run back to our jeep to clean up my equipment and run it under the air conditioner to resuscitate it, and as I sat down I thought, my camera is getting a much better treatment than these people.
The large slate blades were heavier than the children who carried them and the children carried them from their heads using these handcrafted harnesses of sticks and rope and torn cloths.
These people have no way out, and as we assimilate this difficult issue, it's important to remember that slavery, including sex trafficking, also happens in our own backyard.
The picnic near a lake in Chicago was the beginning of a lazy afternoon on a day in October.
Howard is about this height, he's shiny, he's in his 60s, he's got huge glasses, gray hair, and he's showing a wonderful exuberance and vitality, he's a parrot, he loves opera, and he's a big fan of medieval history.
There's no perfect pickles, only perfect pickles.
Yellow mustard seeds, turmeric and saffron.
You go to Chez Panisse, they give you the sashimi with the red-tailed catfish with roasted pumpkin seeds to reduce anything.
Because the chef at Chez Panisse has a platonic notion of catfish sashimi.
It's an open carriage.
Now let's see, if President Obama invited me to be the next czar of mathematics, I would have a suggestion for him that I think would greatly improve mathematics education in this country.
(will it be your darkest hour) (a blank check in your soul?)
We're going to monitor a wardrobe, and in this example, we're going to be the international snack, Five Guys.
What we can do is always do a quick search to see how these specific terms and hashtags are filled in.
At eight o'clock schnitzel saying that God
Mother told him false you're talking to yourself and threw it in the water vacation home lesson and repeated the second and third pinto
I walked into the kitchen and made an unexplored popcorn to exaggerate.
What made you forget love case with shiny and fireworks by
We need him as he 's lazy and nothing has done anything useful in his life , he drank arak and played strawberries and looked like an artist time painting once
You know I'm not used to disobeying you, but you're a real asshole.
I worked in tourism for a year in Mexico, a year in Egypt.
It was for a barracks that gathered emergency crews and firefighters.
Here's a stained glass window in the Bronx.
This works like a biomb to protect the carriages and the train so that there are no objects falling into the carriages.
I was asked to make a poster to be placed in New York City subway carts for a year.
What we assume in the rational reactor model is that you do this, you make the choice that maximizes that goal.
Right, or if you're re trying to decide you know exactly how many cookies to buy the bakery, you know maybe you just sort of pick a dozen or something like that.
In may be the case that even if people make mistakes, if there is no bias in the form of one way or another in terms of mistakes, my damned mistakes cancel out.
And he keeps running the brown people, but he's not messing with any poor black people.
This is good for street racing here
No, not the shortcut, I was right not the only shortcut
And the architect Christian Kerrigan created a series of designs that show us how it could actually be possible to create and develop a limestone reef beneath the city.
You're an 80 percent cyclist.
And bankruptcy protection is admitting that I'm insolvent, which means there's no way I'm gonna be able to relax all my responsibilities.
Act like a reporter and ask me questions.
Just like a speed cab.
If we work our asses on my family's farm, that mildew in your head will wash.
The children do not play football against each other, the German and Czech children do not play against each other, they play first together, in a team, and we work according to the effect of their language learning on each other.
In addition to the European Union, we are also supported by UEFA, which supplies us with materials.
Now, if they serve the heart muscles and cells, you think, would they belong to the systemic or pulmonary flow?
I think this ability to take real-world phenomena and turn them into something a microship can understand is the most important ability a person can have right now.
Lucius could choose, at the age of 17, to become a military tribune and command soldiers on the borders of the Empire.
Millions of Netflix subscribers watch various movies and TV shows on Nintendo's Wii console.
One option is the fast food fetish .
A second option is the sexy geek option .
What I want to emphasize is that people can choose just as an Indian lady can wear her sari or a Japanese woman can wear her kimono.
Last year, we didn't have a single Catarian filmmaker.
But I use two ATPs and then I'm going to essentially break the glucose into two compounds with three carbons right here, which actually also have a phosphate group in them.
And actually, for every mole of glucose, you're going to need two NAD+.
Imagine the endless cruelty that the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel have inflicted on the inhabitants of another corner;
I was, like, I didn't want the whole astronaut thing.
And the screen mounted on the head, known as jacaré vision.
He later described it as a bug in Ohio State Football.
They don't understand the host's basic relationship comments.
But in school, besides having a miserable academic career, you were also captain of the cricket and football teams.
Either you're going to be a millionaire or you're going to jail, I'm not sure which one.
And the conductor of the college choir heard that I was singing and invited me to join the choir.
It was a young woman, who had dedicated a video to me, singing the soprano line of a piece of mine called Sleep.
It's a travesty to use 12, 15 or more years of a human being's life, which lasts up to 70 or 80 years, to prepare him to be a worker, or to learn a language limited by your culture.
UCP is sometimes called the brain of the computer because it processes information and executes commands.
You can add a Portuguese-language video board to get better graphics performance, or you can add a wireless board to connect to your home wireless network.
If you're like most people, just seeing this gives you a little sense of euphoria and joy -- just thinking about getting 50% more money during retirement than before.
The luck of the reverse of modern swimming is the reverse of nothing respectable that was the reverse of anything literate and its own fictional small but representative city of African-Americans across the spectrum of the U.S. Its own small town with its own fire baseball team and department, schools and stuff like that.
So instead of a torch, you know, raised, like a beacon to the world of what America is.
But eventually as we move forward into 1953, this ends up becoming an impasse because the end result is that the original 38th parallel ends up being restored.
And this was particularly the case in the conquest of the southwestern United States.
I wanted it to be very emphatic because of the way you're learning.
One parsec is 3.26 light years.
Freedom won in 1990 brought a state of anarchy to the city, while the barbarism of the 1990s brought a loss of hope to the city.
So in fact, we found the same conditions, rebuilt everything again, he went out with a whole brigade of sheriff agents to protect him in this community, right?
We put him, in fact, a little bit closer to the street, so closer to the suspicious vehicle, the shooter's vehicle, than the teenagers were actually, so he stayed a couple of meters from the berth facing the middle of the street.
First of all, there is a long history of aversion between science and law in American jurisprudence.
The Phoenix Islands and all the equatorial zones of our planet are very important for tuna fishing, especially the bluefin tuna you see here.
I see this life like a rocking chicken
I think the idea was to use the DJ and the music as a form of media, of expression, to bring out
She was tied up and laid in the ring for the other dogs to attack and become more aggressive before the fight.
We need to involve the malt as a nutritional element.
Can we really get robotics into every component?
I'm really excited to be here today, representing my colleagues, and everyone who hasn't made a career out of their innate ability to produce inhumane sounds, because it's a niche market and there's not a lot of work to be done, especially where I come from.
This is a five-inch, one-bedroom disk infected with Brain.A.
If you take a look at what's happening in the online world, here's a video from Clarified Networks that illustrates how a single family of malicious software is able to move around the world.
They have seven tentacles, 14 very funny compound eyes and a brain shaped like a lizard.
So, six months ago, Thierry Meyssan had described the painting clearing at the end of which the old hawks that created the current impasse in the Middle East were replaced by the pragmatic realists at the Pentagon and the State Department.
I have a studio in London that takes a special approach to building design.
And related to that, you see the price of gas and gasoline, this is even more specific to the geographic location because not only does it show transportation costs, but it also shows specific regional rates for oil, and sometimes regulation, but rates are dominant but you can see a tendency to go up when oil prices go up, and then down, this is represented by a gallon and these are the prices here in New York.
They have propane in the back, which is the gas in the back.
You know, hey, Home Depot, can you have some pink polypropylene, six and a half million square feet?
- I want a French pancake, please.
There are also three ports on the top of the phone, a headphone jack, a Mini USB connection for charging and connecting PCs, and a Micro Sim slot.
Apps that are deleted from here aren't uninstalled, they just took off on the home screen.
The People's Center is a great place to see how social networks have actually been integrated into the phone.
He's a foreigner who takes away everything he needs from her.
I heard it was one of the most violent favelas because it's controlled by the biggest drug cartel.
In this exercise, we're going to add a virtual sequencer that will control the packet input driver sequencer.
I don't know what every transistor does in a machine.
If the RSTW is a loop, then the loop tells us that all the sides are equal and they're parallel.
The catchup question goes like this:
There's one player and there's two players.
A moustache, a Viking boat, a parachute mermaid
I had the opportunity recently to travel in Google's self-driving car, which is as cool as it sounds.
The doppler effect, which causes a police siren to tone down as the car passes, also applies to light - this is how a radar measures its speed, and astronomers measure the rotation of galaxies.
There are unsolicited mail programs that insinuate themselves, trying to turn every item into an advertisement for Rolex watches.
You may remember the Star Wars Boy, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball catcher like a laser lightsaber.
I can't believe you almost did with your demo and I haven't written a song about your best friend.
We should just set some tracks but the second song was like my bra had grown hands.
I guess I'll eat the same as a waiter on wheels.
No , ma 'am . I 'm a Mormon missionary .
What do you want from me... some kind of badge of merit?
A toast
This is a very small lambretta for a gentleman of this size.
I don't know if this is called a basket bra, but it must be something like that.
This particular film is an industrial video but was released in drive-in theaters in 1961 in the Detroit area.
This is a pH probe.
The prototype was made with an old Nokia LCD screen and an Arduino.
So a kilobyte or KB is about a thousand bytes.
So you could think 4,000 megabytes is equal to four gigabytes or vice versa so to alternate putting gigabytes and the different megabytes by a factor of a thousand into the megabyte figure I can imagine how well basically I am, I'm dropping right three digits to go to gigabytes.
Terabyte or TB, which is about a thousand gigabytes, or it's a trillion bytes.
And we just entered the moment when you can buy a terabyte of one or two terabytes drive.
However, gigabyte used to be a rare term as well.
The KO Corrail duel ?
I'll checkmate you in three moves, whatever you do.
Zero is a steeper slope than this negative ramp here.
When Proctor &amp; Gamble went from 26 different types of Head &amp; Shoulders shampoo to 15, they saw a 10% increase in sales.
One questionnaire that I sometimes give my college students is to say, I think of five coordination games that you have to play every day.
I found a brilliant aeronautical engineer who designs sails for America's Cup racing yachts named Peter Heppel.
There was no language to translate this ancient, idiosyncratic craft into something that mechanical operators produced.
But you can see, you can even tell from this map, that the port was drained and flattened, and it went from a rich, three-dimensional mosaic to a flat mudflats in a matter of a few years.
As you can see, my aorta was gradually dilating, and I was getting closer and closer to the point where I would need surgery.
As I said, the existing treatment requires a heart-lung bypass machine and body cooling.
But if we are a very optimistic little one, who blindly hopes for the best, we may find ourselves in a bad situation when we land.
And the character sequences are actually very simple, they're just ASCII character strings that usually start with a verb like get or post.
And a cookie that we'll talk about soon.
The problem is that the way you remember which page you're caching is by the URI that refers to that page.
White is just a kind of bluff, it's just a bluff of the mind itself.
I want to find a range in a way that I'm reasonably confident in... and I'm putting this into a very sentimental language because this all happens around the fact that I don't know for a fact that the standard deviation is 0.05... I'm just estimating!
So a dialogue between a Tupi-speaking Indian and a Portuguese-speaking white man from the time of discovery for us Brazilians was Greek.
That sounds like a cliché word.
If you jump a ping-pong ball out of a pool ball, the pool ball will come back and this one becomes negative, whereas if you plough a pool ball into a pool ball, it goes forward.
Here's a tennis ball that comes with a certain mass m, and has a certain speed v, whatever it is.
For example, think about our evolutionary predilection to eat sweet or fat-filled things like jelly.
The company didn't move forward and he couldn't repay the loan.
So, I sometimes say, I used to say, a samurai comes to you, a divine samurai, and he says, 'I came to take what I can't have.'
But for the reasoner trained to admit such intrusions into his own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was the introduction of a distraction factor that can trigger a doubt about all his mental outcomes.
As he spoke, there was the sharp sound of the horses' hulls and the wheels against the half-wire grid, followed by a sharp pull with the bell.
Heavy bands of astracán were cut across the sleeves and foreheads of his double-breasted jacket, while the deep blue cloak of what was thrown over his shoulders was lined with fire-colored silk and secured at the neck with a brooch consisting of a single flaming roar.
There is a wonderful sympathy and Masonry among the Horsey men.
I was still balancing the subject in my mind when a cabriolet drove up to Briony
I rested in the side hallway, like any other cop who fell into a church.
His broad black hat, baggy pants, his white tie, his sympathetic smile, and general peering appearance and benevolent curiosity were, as Mr. John Hare alone could have matched.
Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for a moment, for I was not sure when he might come, and the ticket was so good, and served me so well, that I would not risk losing it.
It's quite a pipe three problem, and I ask that you don't talk to me for fifty minutes.
It's my hobby to have an accurate knowledge of London.
He's as brave as a bulldog and as stubborn as a lobster if he has his claws on anyone.
A vegan diet was first introduced after the 2000 test in Helsinki.
What all of this means is that plants have to be well prepared to face the challenges of oxidative radical stress and contain a wide variety of antioxidants.
That's how it's done, and that's how we transferred our knowledge, technology and knowledge to the Iranian government's space program.
Very soon, the Foundation will be offering small units 10 to 15 centimeters in diameter, which you'll be able to coupe into four car positions and,
What's missing here, of course, is the North Pole glacier.
If you're investing in tar sands or shale oil, you have a portfolio full of high-risk carbon items.
Exploring tar sands and shale oil is the same thing.
When people use the term "fascism" or "fascist", today they often use the term in a derogatory way to refer to a group, regime, or even an overly aggressive individual -- controlling -- and totalitarian.
And once again, I apologize for my slaughter of an Italian word.
You can imagine that they're chips, like poker chips that represent one of the blue poker chips and each blue chip represents 10,000.
In one of my books, I joke about the fact that Ben &amp; Jerry's should produce a pacifist African toothpaste -- it doesn't kill germs, it just asks them out.
So the roulette wheel has a wheel, and in the United States, the roulette wheel has 38 different numbers you can bet on: it's the numbers from 1 to 36 plus two compartments.
We put it inside our little function box, and we need to get to our exit.
Enzyme immunoassay may be performed on a multi-well microtitulation plate or on any other solid adhesion surface.
This thin allocation of 20% surplus energy is enough to allow rich hierarchies to be formed, work specializations to develop, and large architectural works to be built.
This is why we're going to take a quick approach to how to budget energy.
Emily Dickinson said, over a century ago, that a book is better than a frigate to take us far away, and it's true.
This bestseller, and all his literary heirs,
We're working hard to reduce the pollution that's forming here in Los Angeles.
A zombie is not
We can actually put together microprocessors and have this as an idea and create soft-sound music made by ourselves.
He's got more gel than you, Truth Fairy.
What we need is a toothbrush, and this is the head of a normal toothbrush. We're going to use an alicate to cut the cable, and what's left is the brush head with the hair. This one has some rubber things on the sides, but the most important thing is to see that the hair has a slight inclination, so what we're going to want is to find a brush that has inclined hair.
This probably coincided with the time when the planet Earth collection came out, and there was the hippie movement.
We've been rid of Mursi and his clan, but we're facing new dangers.
So it's going to be 4-methyl, this is our methyl group here, 4-methylnonane.
This issue came up, I think the username is Minoctu and they corrected me, this could never be something like a 2-propyl-heptane.
Sometimes I arrive unexpectedly and I park my car somewhere else and as I walk in I hear a big... a big, I'll say, big noise [laughs] and then when I walk in, everyone is silent.
Responsive web design is basically a way of encrypting with a single base cipher for multiple devices.
Now, when we're talking about encoding a specific version of the site for each of the different applications, what's going to happen is that you go to the work environment version of the site that they call the full site on a bunch of sites that you start a single version of the site.
So in the morning, you see the direction the sunshine is facing and you mark that on the white area at the base.
Just like if you go to the Louvre, you can buy a mouse rug or a cup of coffee with the Mona Lisa, you know, something that's 500 years old.
This can create excellent natural shelters for animals, but they have also been suitable for some questionable human actions, including a bar, a prison, and even a toilet inside the tree.
Because you can buy a double-cheese burger at McDonald's for a dollar and you can't buy a head of broccoli for a dollar.
So here's a screenshot of the search for a flight, where the specified restriction didn't yield any possible solution.
It's kind of like in court... when the jury deliberates and you wait for the verdict: it's either life... or it's death.
When I got out of school, I went to the supermarket, and in the candy section, I saw a girl, a tall, brown girl, etc... pushing her cart.
And here I am with salmon, champagne and jam.
I said cover girls instead of model or mannequin .
As such, he bought it. The boy started drinking the lemonade, a security guard noticed and called the police who, in turn, called an ambulance that rushed to the playground and took the boy to the hospital.
To celebrate this new partnership, I re-read a smoothie that's out there on the Tastemade channel, but I made a milkshake at I Could Kill For Dessert.
And, by the way, the assumption that we can safely control Earth's extraordinarily complex climate system as if it had a thermostat, making the planet neither too hot nor too cold, but ideal - in the style of the Golden Snail - this is pure fantasy, and it doesn't come from climate scientists; it comes from economists who impose their mechanical thinking on science.
Bernays accidentally picked up on popular ideas from Freudian psychoanalysis and began applying them to advertising campaigns.
In 1932, industrialist Bernard London circulated a pamphlet entitled
If the match is false, the flag is zero, '1 - hit' is 1.
And we're starting to see the mix, the complicated blending of beliefs and business and political relationships.
Anthropologists have found evidence of romantic love in 170 societies.
The Arctic ice sheet is, in a sense, the heart of the global climate system.
We can determine the tone, height, timbre, duration, spatial location and acoustics of the environment (by reverberation).
When I was 25, I went to Bali, and that's where I met my amazing wife, Cynthia, and together, over the last 20 years, we've built a fantastic jewelry business.
All you have to do is make sure the boar you kill is big enough to share.
Of course, I'm quoting from a famous article by Leonard Reed, the economist in the 1950s, called I, Pencil, in which he wrote about how a pencil is made, and how no one knows how to make even a pencil, because the people who put it together don't know how to get graphite from a mine, and they don't know how to take down trees and stuff like that.
The outer circle of the inner core is coated with the conductive (electric) copper reel.
We need to use the tics restart command when setting up.
Imagine a motor that is clapping, clapping, clapping, clapping.
And there is no cheddar that satisfies the Cheese Monster.
A Volvo body, a BMW chassis, we put all the parts together and what do we get?
We had the break points immediately before the anesthesia was administered, immediately before the scalpel cut the skin, immediately before the patient left the room.
We pushed as hard as we could, our pace increased and the sled accelerated, we left everything on the track before we got off the ice and got on the Night Train.
For example, in oceanography, a lexicon of dolphin language is being created by visualizing the sonar beams that dolphins emit.
So if you want to think about all the different ways there are to pick a plate from nine people, there are 9 for president, 8 for vice president and 7 for secretary.
Some say a man's lung has the same area as the inside of a basketball.
The dictionary is not carved from a piece of granite or a piece of rock.
I want him to think of these dictionaries like an eight-track tape.
The Zendesk and Get Satisfaction apps can be particularly helpful for you by taking out a social media message and creating a note or sending it to your forum.
It seems very threatening, like a monsoon cloud or a thunderstorm.
This is natural selection, this is supposed to apply to everything, which aims to explain why we evolved from basic bacteria or, who knows, self-replicating ANA, which I'll talk about more about in the future.
This could have prevented the reverse engineering of the rotor cabling and if Enigma allowed the letters to encrypt themselves, the Bomb might not have taken advantage over the numbers [NT: decryption would take longer and fewer codes would have been broken] and maybe with that the allies would have had to check all the key space, which was impossible even with the fastest computers.
Do I use a sign that says Karl 's slave ?
Do you know how much gasoline your boat spills per hour?
67 minutes later, you'll be approaching the Russian space station, and cosmonaut Andropov will refuel the spacecraft with liquid oxygen, your fuel.
Now, watch the cheetah approach.
And we chose Karo corn syrup for that.
It could have been cocaine poisoning in the womb, child abuse, wall painting and all these other things that influenced your brain development but we can't figure that out, and it's nobody's fault, it's not your fault or anybody else's fault.
So, for example, if I was going to build a presentation tool interface, you could show me working on this tablet right here without actually showing anything I see on the screen, and I really like that, as a strategy because it absolutely emphasizes what the person using the system can accomplish.
I know this top strawberry will run for 60 minutes.
With help or alone, in that all-girl outfit?
My friend is a romantic and very shy.
The limo was emptied.
Mother died of a heroin overdose.
If you look at a John Deer tractor, it's almost impossible for anyone to try and build one of these for themselves.
Not to accept things as they are, not to revolt against them.
In this example, set 1 is a cluster whose influence jurisdiction is the pair of variables A, B. Set 2 has jurisdiction over B and C. 3 has jurisdiction over C and D.
Capital adequacy ratios require banks to maintain a buffer zone large enough for banks to absorb any.
We won't go into much detail about this scheme but the key message you need to keep is that when banks make a profit through loans, the profit increases the size of the capital injection.
The time has come for me to reveal the secretary Missiroli's story.
Mrs. Evola, the lady I worked for, sent me to a client's house one day after giving me a laxative richly seasoned with spices.
Is that your mom you're crying about?
I remember a few years ago, I was thinking about all this when I went to see The Sunday Sport, a newspaper that I wouldn't recommend to anyone who doesn't already know it.
He became skeptical about economics before he graduated.
And in this case, either we start developing a hard shell, or we become manic-depressive.
And bingo, the problem is solved.
I don't know if you've seen this recently on CNN, they gave the Heroes Award to a young Kenyan shepherd who couldn't go to school at night in his village like all the other children, because the kerosene lamp
It's supposed to be an epic of myself instead of a legendary hero, and singing in opposition to speaking or writing, it's like exuberance, like impulse to sing, in association with poetry in its original state.
With the switch key still in installation mode and the operator doors now open
Informed consent is the cornerstone of what we mean by democracy.
He seems to be flirting not with his future wife, but her father.
In other words, this quarter-acre hazard had to be reimbursed in a single harvest or they wouldn't take the risk.
This is the biggest scam our father will face in our lifetime.
The season finale was just blah let me cover my ears I need to cover my eyes
And then you go into some racket where you're selling insurance and they have that contingent to do.
But most importantly, we're going to make a delicious recipe for chocolate cake with raspberry on top!
So when I was asked to make the ACDC logo, one of the versions I came up with was based on this Blue Oyster Cult and it became a cliché for heavy metal.
A political will to make it expand would cure humanity of the aphasia that occurs to most of us when we have to communicate with foreigners.
If the states decided to coordinate the teaching of Esperanto in all the schools of the world, together with the recommendation to adults to devote 10 minutes a day to it for 3 months, - 10 minutes, that's less than you need to solve crosswords or sudoku - it would start a snowball process, which in a short time would completely transform the planetary linguistic landscape.
If you're watching this video, the first thing I suggest is to stop and go to businessmodelgeneration.com, and download the screen and print multiple copies.
And this only happens until all the energy in the system is spent, and then, by the end of the game, it's over.
The third tradition he uses, which is very appealing, is the utopian socialist tradition.
And, in fact, there is a whole positivist version of what Marx says; that is, it excludes dialectics.
You notice that each cube has exactly the same amount of water, but with a different number of ice cubes.
He was three years old when he became a cocktail made with one measure of abandonment and two of tragedy, started therapy in the eighth grade, had a personality made of tests and pills, lived as if the climbs were mountains and the descents were cliffs, four-fifths of suicide, a giant wave of antidepressants, and a teenager they called Agarrado, 1 percent because of the pills, 99 percent because of cruelty.
To this day, he's a stick of dynamite lit on both ends, could describe in detail how the sky bends the moment he's about to fall, and despite a battalion of friends calling him an inspiration, he remains a topic of conversation among people who don't understand that sometimes not taking drugs has little to do with addiction and more to do with sanity.
And we... we kill those people. (Laughter) Shut him up.
You 've probably seen that phrase on some sticker or outdoors ...
One of the forms of method for castration that I've already talked about, which the Supreme Court attacks down, is the grandfather clause.
So for the next five years, I dressed as a boy to escort my older sister, who was no longer allowed to be on the street alone, to a secret school.
These platforms invite all kinds of developers and all kinds of people to come with their ideas and their opportunity to create and be able to target an app to a particular audience.
My first book, a piece of journalism that I made just for the money that I had already bought me an electric typewriter in advance, should have been a sales champion.
His leg was crushed and eaten by a mutant jellyfish?
Silvia's pickle ice cream had few customers, but loyal, so fine.
I had the skis ready, a satellite phone, a rifle to make sure I was attacked by a polar bear.
Now, I'm not just referring to the area of masculinity and Edwardian-style madness but also areas like the fight against pancreatic cancer there's something addictive about this, and in my case I think expeditions to the North Pole may not be too far from being an addiction.
On 19 March 2013 sarin gas was used in Syria near Aleppo.
Well, if anyone thinks country music isn't powerful, let me tell you this:
Nine months after that day on the sloping rock, I had the only blind encounter of my life with an elephant just over two meters in height called Kanchi.
In 2008, Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar.
You take a sample of 36 apples from your harvest of more than 200,000 apples.
So we're just going to ask ourselves, what is the probability when we just take this single sample of 36 matrices that we have in this space right here?
Today I'm going with my kids' garden, so, a little slide, and medium, and ripple and...
Don't you complain about that?
You tell the kids, the kids don't hide the cushion they don't deserve today he gets all the fun all his investment
What we do next is we collect what's called a diffusion tensor magnetic resonance.
Shortly thereafter, a large Viking army conquered York, and much of eastern England.
It's... until his uncle died, he was able to access the network at the funeral.
We're going to go back to nicotine and the nicotine system almost always in this course, because that's my lab research.
I think CERN is home to the Great Particle Accelerator.
I think it's also ironic, this notion that the abstract expressionist canvas was somehow the manifestation of the artist's inner state.
A secure browser helps you against threats such as fraud and malicious software, which can steal your passwords - or worse.
Thus, the acoustic model can compensate for the language model deficiency and vice versa.
What if a chimpanzee could talk?
Idris Elba appears in a scene with the cat catana in a row, and is forced by the crowd to cut to pieces his best friend, a Rwandan army officer, though Tutsi, played by Fraser James.
And then the notion of discharge.
Yo, sick of these extravagant things!
However, we can't add a string to an int or a float.
Injectable collagen, pig collagen, has been used against wrinkles since the 1970s.
It is possible for a diverse and divided people to form a coalition in times of great need and unify around an idea, but this only works if the idea meets the following three requirements: 1.
Whether you consider yourself liberal or conservative or any of the options above, the bankers and corporations that hold the state puppet rope have put us all on a path that leads to complete and total destruction.
In sociology this is referred to as vertical collectivism.
This is the power of derivative film .
And to do that with cars, you have to create a really efficient car, which means making it incredibly lightweight, and then what you're seeing here is the only car with a body and chassis made entirely of aluminum in North America.
Recognition of this circumstance has brought to light a whole world of bizarre possibilities.
When we define the colors of the image, to highlight the dim-level lights, we see that these jets feed a feather that, as we see in other images, reaches thousands of miles in space above Enceladus.
Now we can see the air cushion blowing in and see if it works.
Now, as I'm sure you all know, the popular recreational game called British Bulldogs has been banned in most schools because people say it's very dangerous.
But on the outside, he upgraded the suspension, improved the brakes, and worked with a variable valve control in the engine.
The only places that stay green -- and that's not good news -- are actually places like the Gobi Desert, like the tundra and the Sahara.
If you put in ten hours on the exam, then you'll probably go, you know you'll study for the exam and then you'll probably take the test and get an A of the course.
It's in the middle of Soho, in this working-class neighborhood, and this baby gets sick, and it turns out that the pit they still have, despite the Anti-Defamation Act, was halfway up the wall with a very popular water pump, a local water hole very well known as the best water in Soho, where all the residents of Soho and neighboring neighborhoods would go to get water.
Stan, I can't wear these middle-class badges while Karl Marx is looking at me, that's ridiculous.
Given the extraordinary range of possible experiences and the high burden on the therapist, I would consider it mandatory for the therapist to experience drug-induced altered states of consciousness under supervision and in a therapeutic context as part of his training.
So a fiber is like its own program.
I love saqué, kobe and all that stuff.
Oldenburg made the incredible binoculars when he sent me the first prototype of the royal proposal.
And in the same way as some practices that make a lot of sense when you think about all this with high-quality people, when you're just doing this and how the shape is when you plug the crank and get a lot of links -- which is one thing when we're less likely to count on those links.
Here's an example of a project they made, a movement-activated serpentine cannon.
Remember, Odysseus tried to keep his secret of the scar by holding the mouth of Eurycleia and scratching it secretly, under penalty of death.
Or Mistborn-- a gang of thieves trying to steal the Dark Lord himself.
It's not cheating or cheap anyway, because what you're doing, if you're doing the right thing, you're starting with it as a starting point, a stepping stone, and then you're going to extrapolate.
I want to become the greatest swordsman in the world and then elaborate something about your definition that says no, you can't do that.
Look at this coffee table -- it's extensible in height and width to a table for 10 people.
For AIDS research I bought your toys and I still break this iPhone iPad
All of us, or a large part of us, use Gmail or one of its competitors, but these services are especially popular in totalitarian states like Iran, where dissidents use foreign services like Gmail because they know they're more reliable than local services and they're encrypted with SSL and so the local government can't snoop on your discussions.
In the middle of those papers, there was a file called FINFISHER.
You have the playback levels, and recording levels, you can adjust any of them from that tab here.
We'll come back here a little later. The track down menu is a tool that we'll use a lot, here you can change tracks, if you want to listen to the other tracks, and you can do the opposite.
No, what I want to encourage you to -- (Laughter) -- instead, what I want to encourage you to do is militant atheism.
Darwin himself preferred agnosticism and not just loyalty to his friend Huxley, who coined the term.
I played softball for five years when I was younger.
About 85 meters of my 100-meter race, in all my glory, I lost a leg.
Now all the words, they're in the array in the default input and then we're going to create a new symbolic table that associates string with a set of integers.
I put my snorkel in my mouth, and I rolled sideways through the boat into the water.
So the electron force will be weaker -- or the coulomb force will be weaker.
You can use it to check if your caviar is really beluga, if that sushi is really tuna, or if that goat cheese you paid so much for is really goat.
It's a very dangerous question, because it leads to fundamentalism and violence.
For example, once I wanted to go to Dubai, but since I have a 1951 Geneva Convention passport, I was not allowed.
Post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, is a chronic and devastating disease associated with high rates of disability and suicide.
They can spend hours watching because the ever-changing landscape, the interactivity with the biosphere, all of this has an incredible aesthetic impact.
Imagine a zigzag formation of 24 platforms clearing an entire ocean.
I'm going to make you two recipes because I'm going to make a fudge to cut with acetate and another fudge that we're going to roll, because if you don't have the acetate at home...
And normally we can't see this, because we turn off the luminescence when we bring them up in networks.
And then finally, I want to show you some reactions that we filmed with the world's first deep-sea web camera, which we installed in Monterey Canyon last year.
I came to this screen because I wanted to get help with a USB cell modem that I had, and I couldn't figure out which of these categories was more likely to be a right.
Leah her first encounter with Jacob is covered with a veil and is confident that Rachel shines into the world of writing, she remained a woman covered her face, the world covered.
My man comes from one of the members of the secular kibbutz eaters I don't know Yom Kippur is good.
The patient's name is Thomas Barrett and he has a clean record.
And inside the same room is the fabulous Ionic column, also of the Erecteion, which is very graceful and becomes thinner as it rises towards the top, with the charming Ionic chapter with sculpted decorations below.
In Athens, on the way, there's a good sky above it.
Yes sory stories very well so it happens that she had this belief that the way you start along a certain disease is that you have the same conditions under which you have oma so she's like all your taste freezing rain is why you've been calling so while he was lying in bed she'd get buckets of ice water and just dowsman and he died medicines for women k after staring cell
So we see some rough sketches of what the plaintiffs are all about.
They look pretty much like the old guard's joint language.
But if a person doesn't have a bow and arrow or a spear, and a lion comes up to him, and his dart is close, he's going to take it from you... he doesn't steal it, he borrows it and throws it at the lion because that's the only thing he knows that will keep the lion harmless.
Ki, that's... a combined 4,000
The swinging of a trembling chair, the body past the square flag...
Whether you're in my field or not, you've certainly heard or read about the decline of so-called three-camera situation comedy and the rise of real-life television.
First, she tried to look down and do what she was coming for, but it was too dark to see anything, so she looked at the sides of the well and realized that they were filled with electronic book cabinets shelves; here and there she saw maps and paintings hanging.
A little shiny-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, how long brown hairy crepes!
For the use of this ointment - a shilling from the box -
You get used to the weather, said the Lizard, and put the snail in your mouth and started smoking again.
Have you guessed the riddle yet? said the Hatter, turning to Alice again.
The octopus was engaged in a quarrel with another octopus, which seemed an excellent Alice opportunity for croqueting one of them with the other: the only difficulty was, that his flamingo had gone away to the other side of the garden, where Alice could see him trying in a sort of helpless way to fly up on a tree.
I just wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so mean about it, you know--'
The King and Queen of Cups were sitting on their throne when they arrived, with a great crowd gathered about them - all kinds of little birds and animals, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Valet stood before them, chained, with a soldier on each side to protect him, and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand and a scroll of parchment in the other.
But I love this New Yorker strip.
There's a joke about a cop who's doing his patrol in the middle of the night, and he finds a guy under the light of the candle, staring at the floor and walking around, and the cop asks what he's doing.
The graph in this slide is an adaptation of Jacob Nielsen's work on heuristic evaluation and what you see is that every black square is an insect that a particular evaluator found.
The turning point was a single instance in time where, whatever long, long balance will be suddenly changed drastically.
It contains flowers of precise meaning: - the hissopo protects from the plague and demonstrates the owner's attention to its health, - the cloves are a symbol of engagement, - and the rosemary, of fidelity.
It's not the queen's address, it's the government's address. It's the government's legislative program that's out there.
My pen moves along the page like the snout of a strange animal shaped like a human arm and dressed in the sleeve of a wide green sweater.
Press the tab key to play or pause the video, and press the control to go back 8 seconds.
And the most studied silk line of all: the ampullate major silk.
I'm not saying ah it looks like a 1997 Ford F150 pickup truck, right?
We start with the baggage and then with a simple oven, which you can do with an old 200-litre trash can.
So we went back to MIT, we disliked the Instron test machine, and we figured out what kind of forces would be needed to compress a light bulb to a level where you could get its performance improved.
Because this person is the safest person, the rating agencies (who will be entitled to a series of videos) might be able to give you an AAA rating.
He still doesn't know why it works, put inside the hamster and voila! And six months later the hamster has...
Crystal is when you have a solid, where the molecules that make up the solid are irregular, relatively in a consistent pattern, and this is the opposite of an amorphous solid where everything is messy and there are different concentrations of things, different ions, and different molecules, and different solid parts.
What's peculiar is that I recently wrote a memoir called Eat, Pray, Love which, unlike my previous books, was released and for some reason became a mega-sensation, an international bestseller.
This is the kind of thought that can get a person to start drinking gim at nine in the morning, and I don't want to go around.
Madness is something 500 million people eat.
I forgot to mention a while ago that I was a little brown as a teenager.
I've had more gala lunches than you've had hot dinners!
Life is what's scary are like a bridge over the abyss like a rope swing right and left have no railroad and must overcome the days when
When I hear the word suitcase, I think of something you can carry around.
Husband: That doesn't look like a loaf of bread, it looks like a roll that I used to eat at my school lunch...
They 're going to have a lot of luxurious meals .
I've got a slide here that swings 440 times a second.
And I went to a job interview in the public schools of Richmond, Virginia, the state capital, and I bought a three-piece suit -- my convention allowance, my long beard and black hair and my platform shoes -- we were in the '70s -- I walked in, sat down, and I was interviewed.
One geographical concept that can help us in a zombie apocalypse is movement.
I was thinking about that time I went to the grocery store... and I asked for popcorn... and he said, "What's cake?"
I'm glad Andersen saw and informed me immediately.
So this would be, again, an image of a connected graph, because you get from any node to any other node just by walking through the edges.
It's almost impossible to make a product, market an idea, face any problem you want to solve without having the consistency of an otaku.
When we think about processing 20 million different genes, or trying to optimize the processes of producing octane or pharmaceuticals or new vaccines, we can change, with just a small team, to make more molecular biology than in the last 20 years of science.
Chris: That's the big advantage of the air barrel. It has a footprint pressure about 33 times lower than the human foot.
That's why it's uncomfortable to wear your favorite Metallica shirt on a hot day.
It wasn't that there wasn't a pet market looking for online supplies.
Rufus is gonna improvise a little bit on his custom five-string electric cello.
Lee Jungwoo, live on ~
I like the smiling clown ~ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ~
So if we've seen a square as a kind of independent variable or x term, then now this kind of has the form of polynomials that I hope you're used to factoring a little bit.
Mitzva' of the staff of the roots ('zevet'), and no command.
Here, can you pick these up now?
I love everything about deserts, especially the contrast between the blue of the sky and the beige of the sands.
As for my personal life, I'm going to continue working as a freelancer and I'll probably be doing a new exhibition in six months.
But I'm gonna stick my zipper up your ass
I'll take my rocket
Paul Cohen argues that the West sees itself as probably the most sociopolitical of all cultures.
And we can add him a blue deer and a dove and we've got a sort of free Don Draper.
So I'm here today as a bloody Afghan, by the grace of God, (Laughter) an atheist and a radically politicized artist who has lived, worked and raised in Afghanistan for the past nine years.
I want to create art that disrupts identity and challenges authority and exposes hypocrisy and reinterprets reality and that even uses a kind of imaginative ethnography to try to understand the world we live in.
I want to spend a day in the life of a jihadist gangster who uses his jihad against the communists like a pop star jewel and uses armed religious intimidation and political corruption to get rich.
Is this the edition of T.S. Eliot's The Desolate Earth, or this pre-adolescent tale about the adventures of a troublemaker, a book or an app?
Be a bitch with a shovel, okay?
Protective shield plates have evolved around the head and chest.
I applied for a federal grant of $1.25 million to make a plan for a sprawling creek with bike paths.
The combat front is each time made up of non-human eyes that observe our enemies from space, and guide missiles to invisible targets, while human behavior is the orchestra of media relations, in the event that drone strike hits a villager instead of an extremist.
She breeds her cubs in a bag, like a koala or a kangaroo does. It has a long, long, fascinating history that goes back 25 million years.
And a lot of research since then has shown that he was literally wrong .
The most common ones are pacifist-style archives: archives that suggest you try to play the whole game without attacking anyone; but you can also arrange in car challenges in GTA; all these incredible archives that I can put into recreating the original God Ex.
We spend about five months every summer in a 20-meter catamaran, living, sleeping and working at sea for weeks at a time.
In fact, we think she has a boutique somewhere in the Bahamas.
Many of the people who still believe in this actually think that blogging is as important as fax machines and xerox machines were in the 1980s where major dissident movements in Poland and Eastern Europe actually adopted this technology, right?
Our coat of arms is NASCAR
The food is chocolates with cooked goose.
The tools needed for this procedure are: a clutch socket and 3/4 a 1 1/2 key, metric tape and Haas leveling tool # T-2181
After the interview, I told the author that I had moved into that chair.
It's what I put on the employee's payroll (it's a requirement, I have no choice in the matter) and, of course, in accounting as well.
So when the storm comes, push a rope against the ground.
Let us say that there are two people, who expose the falsity of every theistic claim made to them.
This boob goes from here to there.
But she let me wear my chain and sweater
I took off my jacket because I had no medical equipment, and with too much pressure, I stopped the bleeding.
One and a half million people trapped in cobblestone or metal tents with no services, no toilets, no rights.
This is a soap made from silver nanoparticles, which have antibacterial properties.
A modest pot of food, a portable church bell, a book and parchment as the only occupation of the scholar.
As in this Transfiguration, where a gorge and a wooden barrier separate us from the mountain where the miracle unfolds... ...here, only land accidents are enough to play this role of separators.
Tell me which part of the baton I should use.
(Laughter) In a way, it's like looking at you and seeing a beautiful girl in a pink blouse.
To do this, remove the jaws and surround the wrinkled body of the dull ring to adjust the position of the clamp
This will sharpen the face so that the hole is larger in diameter at the bottom than at the top.
Now Andrew uses a slow-drying compound ring to check if he needs to make another slight drag cut.
In 1860, Marianne North, a painter and amateur gardener, crossed the ocean to America, carrying cards, a knight and a passion for flowers.
So, for example, here's the same sentence written in English and the same sentence written in Dutch using the same letters of the alphabet.
And they're very formal portraits of the way you pose for the royal family and they look powerful, and that's not what this painting is.
Here's a gamete and here's another gamete.
And I remember that because di- is a prefix commonly associated with having two of something, so you have twice the number of chromosomes.
A dog that has never encountered capric acid may have no greater difficulty in conceiving its smell than we would have in imagining a horn playing a higher note than one we've ever heard before.
There were three ways to try to make changes in the brain: the therapist's v, the pills, and the knife.
It's called, about the Italian adage (Traduttore Traditore), which I took out of your preface,
Of course, it was also very surreal.
So what you do is heat the steel, melt the bitumen, and the bitumen flows into these micro-cracks, and the stones stick to the surface again.
At the MIT Media Lab, together with my mentor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rehmi Post, we created this physical pixel.
I don't want to paint them, so he had them stamped and mechanically marked.
When my mystical part cries like this, without stopping, the warrior turns her eyes.
In January this year, leaked documents from a U.K.-based military defense company revealed that Qatar's proposal to have the company provide false evidence that Syria had endorsed the use of chemical weapons in the country.
It's been a while since I've done a video blog for you, but a lot of people have been asking me to do vlogs again.
A pro channel from Sorted, who was a brigadier I made for them,
He's the mascot of the Expo.
The third movement of Bach's sonata for violin and keyboards in D Major.
The only way to control this message is to try to turn it around and accuse the person who wrote the review of being, say, a CIA spy.
The agreement that gave the United States a distinct financial advantage was made on the condition that these dollars should be exchanged for gold at a consistent rate of $35 per ounce of weight.
For example, the Milwaukee coupon program.
Dude, you're sending me a photo on WhatsApp of a bald girl posted on Facebook.
He says that like a box of vegetables, jade comes, brought to you by tomatoes.
Very rude, very noisy, and it stings like a thorn.
Another thing would be a single blush to dye my face for what you heard me talk about tonight.
That graceful spirit has aspir'd the clouds,
Dry your tears, and pierce your tears
A stuff'd jacaré, and other skins of bad-shaped fish, and upon their shelves
Perhaps do against me, this dreadful murder; and here I am, both through defiance and purge
The reindeer had eaten all the available fodder on the island then followed by mass starvation.
In the 1980s, no reindeer remained.
If you hold it in your hand, you'll see that it stays like... it's something elastic, not like hard rubber, but it becomes elastic like a chewed gum.
And if you can buy and have a pressure cooker with you, it'll be great, because if you use it as a passing chamber, and not an inlet chamber, every now and then try to open it to see what's inside it, and you'll find new materials there, new things will come out.
On TV, it's called a teaser on the first act.
These teachers call themselves bait artists .
I would go to the warehouse for coffee and a brownie, and I would send my movie to San Francisco, and, you know, two days later, it would end up on my front door, which was way better than having to deal with Hollywood traffic.
One day, when my father was preparing a dossier for all of us to obtain French citizenship, I saw documents pass by, which caught my attention.
And if you have an agronomist on the island or a bunch of them, they can advise you on what's best to grow in that tropical region.
Now, when you look at this, this is a complicated map, but you look at it and you think, our it reminds me of something.
If you say there's exclusivity and you don't see why cobalt is used, and it's used in your own body, then what will happen to vegetarians who don't take vitamin B12?
This guy made a bowling alley in the backyard with wood, synthetic grass.
We can say that having a virus is a regular thing on the Internet, but it's not that we care too much, or even that if a small amount of money is cheated, it's not what we care most about. We care about any real, real problem for young people.
Everything becomes profitable and affordable.
This is called the extensive game, where one player who is player one makes, makes some kind of decision, and then another player, player two, makes some kind of decision, and then the players come back.
And if you weren't just looking at a small section of the fibers, you'd see propellers forming around the longitudinal axis of the skeleton -- something like a Chinese finger cuff, where you stick your fingers in and they get stuck.
Last night at two in the morning, I had to go to the bathroom, and yet she made the bed.
It has always been an elusive ideal to ensure the participation of disaster victims in humanitarian efforts.
And for me, it's a brioche or a challah.
It's great to do that the night before, and you can bake like a gourd what I can show you in a future video.
One of the big problems with the suburban fiasco is that they destroyed our understanding of the distinction between the countryside and the city, between the urban and the rural.
I'd think it was an archaic carnivorous mammal or what we call a creodon, but it's there.
And this question was tested by taking the gene from the mouse and putting it in the fly to see if the flies would understand the message from the mouse.
Well, what this means is that somehow evolution is simpler than we imagined when we think about all the diversity of forms; first we believe that this would involve an entire complex novel starting with the draft, and repeating itself countless times.
Stuxnet doesn't forge access credentials to penetrate a system. He has a real credential stolen from one of the most respected IT companies in the world. The virus exploited security flaws that system creators didn't know about.
Composting is done in this garden.
Next time you use a contraceptive , thank Emma .
It was what they believed about America that led them to travel in a pickup truck for eight hours, standing in the sun in Washington, D.C., in mid-August.
And that's twice the energy, weight for weight, of a hummingbird -- absolutely extraordinary.
For me, and other younger people than me, language is the key to communication, opportunities and intercultural understanding.
And also, like paper, around our workspace, we stick things to the wall to remember them later. I can do the same thing here.
One afternoon, while he was filming, they suddenly appeared, I don't know where they came from, some forest rangers who, for no apparent reason, approached the beaver's ditch, threw a cartridge of dynamite, made it go up in the air, killing the female and the little cubs.
The cash is R$5,000.00 a day.
This is a land-based yacht sailing through the desert in Nevada.
Try the Twix candy, chocolate and steamed cookie.
(Laughter) The bonsai table .
- I'm gonna punch that in your face.
It is axiomatic to say that many ideas that will enable progress and benefit society in the future will be terribly unacceptable and fought against today.
Since the state was born from tribal sovereignty where the independent authority claims a geographical area (a region stolen from some other group that will probably claim the same thing at another time) the question of protection is inherent and consequent
However, you won't see political creation or the media expressing this view to the public in their daily newsletters although Brzezinski argues as if it were common sense.
In short, I was a crook, a thug for capitalism.
Well, I don't want to alarm anyone here in this room, but it has come to my knowledge that the person sitting to your right is a liar.
They find themselves in the middle, and they create subatomic particles like charm quarks and lepton tau.
But beyond these basic principles, the lectures will be self-contained.
It was like I was living in a beech and cancer had dynamited the dam that separated me from a great ocean.
Like, for example, if you were going to write lasagna and then you click on the left side and you click on recipes, this is the kind of thing where using a schema.org markup might help because then it's more likely to show up than the other way around.
In fact, I've seen some people who consider from the propyl p, but the most important thing is to ignore just the di- and tri- in front of isopropyl.
I have so much experience that when you went to a privileged school to learn a sonnet from Shakespeare,
And you need the local population for that, because as soon as these grasslands start burning, the fire goes through them like a thunderstorm, and you lose again what's left of the ash and nutrients with the first rains -- flowing into the sea, killing the coral reefs there.
Up on the left, under those green stripes, you can see some white dots -- these are actually individual pineapple plants that you can see from space.
The kimono in this photo had to be practically hand-drawn or tied together, using the colors that remained and the detail that the water didn't spoil.
While Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter reign in North America, other social media sites are more popular in different countries, like Orkut in Brazil and India that resembles Facebook, or like Weibo in China serves microblogging like Twitter.
Text manipulator scheme I'm going to use wsgiref, which is Python's default web application container.
I'm going to write, appcfig update to deploy my application and then the nomination application directory.
And I've always believed that it's the instrument of peace because if we all played ukulele this world would be a much happier place.
The writing system was simplified into a phonetic alphabet that we know as cuneiform.
The well-known and complete Italian alpinist,
And that 's actually where the word conical comes from .
This is a film with 22 years of hard work, research, discovery and travel in space and time and inner consciousness, and it will be the most important release of information on the subject of UFOs and a new energy that has coalesced in that long term.
We need to spend more time appreciating what already exists, and less time agonizing over what else we can do.
He was sitting next to a transvestite with a long black wig and grass running down his face.
The same things I have, which I mentioned with antibiotics,
To isolate the effect of placement and identify and explain the cause of the roll, he needs to isolate that as a variable saying randomise the order of the search results.
1/2 times 49, which is a little under 25. which will be about 125 Newtons meters... which is about -- and Newton meter is just one joule -- 125 joules.
The standard viewing format is called Summary view, and only provides basic information about the article.
United Fruit didn't like it, so they hired a PR firm to run a big campaign in the U.S. to convince the country, the people, the U.S. citizens, the U.S. press, and the U.S. Congress that Arbenz was a Soviet puppet.
There's 100% anisette star in that.
At the time, some people feared that South Africa would follow the path of Rwanda, advancing from skirmish to skirmish to a civil war that seems to have no end.
It'll be easy for anyone to go ahead and print their own bio-virus, higher versions of Ebola or anthrax, a flu as a weapon.
And in this paper they made a headline (about 7 years ago)
His first astronomical telescope was an improvement on a Dutch-designed lens.
Near a Titan ice cliff, through a rare gap in the clouds of organic molecules, you can see graciously drawing the ringing planet Saturn.
It's two profiles in black, or a white jar in the middle.
You're sitting on the workbench all day long, working on a pipette and building things.
That around the time you develop your semester doesn't have to be academic.
So there's nothing miraculous here.
I was a customs official for Canada in the '90s.
The limit of the earth; loitering the shadow underwind of warehouses there goes not enough.
What bitter spaces in those marbles with black plaster, which do not cover ashes!
Its front panels, was in the likeness of a ship's bluff bows, and the Holy Bible rested on a piece of work projecting roller, formed after a ship-fiddle headed buck.
Another room in Monty Python's sketch involves abuse.
Don't give me that, you've faced a creepy pile of parrot feces.
You can see how this induction resembles a domino in a cascading reaction, and we can go on infinitely to any positive integer.
And when I said, "I'm going out there and I'm going to swim for 15 hours", and when we came back to the dock after a long day and it was already evening, we were coming in, it was 14 hours and 58 minutes, and I could touch the dock and finish, the coach says, "Okay.
And before we go on with the assembly, I want to say that you can tweet about the assembly if you want.
So they can't hear your intonation or see the tears running down your face, even though, after all, the separation ends up being great for you. That's the challenge Shakespeare faces, and that's the challenge you face every time you write to an audience, whether it's a novel or an ongoing YouTube comment about whether our Gallifreyan is right.
There's a famous call book by Burton L, A Random Walk Down Wall Street.
He's wearing a ruby worth 500 gold florins.
She was so frightened that instead of putting the lid on, she opened the door with the priest's lock on her head.
To make the drink, all you need is a little fresh thyme, peppermint, four fresh cherries, stuff everything with a little honey, then you fill it with champagne and ice on top.
The price dropped from $10 a watt to about $4 or $5 a watt, but it stabilized.
The idea was to capture solar energy with a giant reflector, just like I had imagined when I was in high school.
I'm gonna have a couple of beers and eat a banana and walnut pie.
The first thing I'm gonna do for our papaya brunch is a raspberry compote.
Some remember his name as Molemo Cano others as Molemo Canaqua, a variation of the Swahili word for pilot.
Let's say inside this cylinder, I have a thin piece of floret or something that occupies the entire cross-sectional area of the cylinder.
He said, Dave, I put your X-ray on the home computer screen.
And go to a casino and play blackjack.
The point I want to highlight here about Marx and other prophets was that, in a sense, they were witnessing the great historical changes happening around them and arguing in favor of a carnage in the history of the world.
You no longer have to equip rooms with microphones to get conversations. You just have to connect to the waves of public social networks.
So we see the candomblé in Brazil, the santeria in
But then why develop this audience identification on a painting that wasn't created for a church and that Rembrandt kept in his studio until his death?
During the press conference, they had a huge poster behind them.
Like someone suggesting an easy way to get to the crater floor without having to climb down the eight-kilometer-high rapel from the summit to the base of the crater.
I love myths and magic, existentialism and self-loathing.
- Even I think I only picked up the rehearsal when I was a kid -
I can take a thermal bag, like the one you buy at a pharmacy.
As I grew up, he would tell me stories about how he used to use the bayonet on people, and their intestines would go out, but they kept running.
I was wandering around with my harmonica and he came to me.
Rarely does he walk into a phone booth without putting his finger in the slot to see if anyone left a coin.
Well, the main case, this worthy topic.
Which can be surprising about the game of life as well as the size of a cell phone automatic models that we study next, because we're going to see how really the process of aggregation is complicated.
With the knife in his hand, he walked towards me, grabbed the clitoris and cut it off.
And then you can use that, like this automatic rifle was given to your 3-year-old son, which then can actually make the cowboys and the Indians real, and you could go out there doing bam, bam, bam.
How can Prosecutor Roswall mix megabit and megabyte?
And it could be a small glimpse of what might happen in a few decades when we start to have cyborg bodies for exploration or for other things in many kinds of future post-humans that I can imagine as a science fiction fan.
Giambattista della Porta, a 16th-century Neapolitan scholar, examined and studied the natural world and saw how it could be manipulated.
Put it on the laptop!
So let's call this a false example of data.
The petal of the flower looks like this, so the ant is like crawling over these objects, and if you look a little bit closer at this stigma and this stem, which is the stem of this flower, we notice that it has these little things -- these things like gums, which are the spurs.
So maybe I could take this idea and take it to private companies that would be mutually beneficial, but some companies told me right away that the design of my personal passion didn't fit a brand because no one wanted to stamp their brand logos on ghettos in Haiti.
When tough kids learn to garden this way, no wonder we have fruit like this.
For example, a hive of bees that is discovering a new place to reside, or a group of birds that is fleeing a predator, or a group of birds that is able to combine their knowledge and navigate and discover a small tip of an island in the middle of the Pacific, or an algae that is able to take down a prey larger than them.
We live in a fallen world, and the epigraph of Frankenstein comes from Paradise Lost.
So, the first job I'll class with an ArrayList that requires me to add the System.Collections nominal space.
For the time being, LETIS makes the classification method standard by title.
There's actually, there in every chapter of the book a very, very updated good bibliography that indicates what additional readings you might want to pursue.
Let's see if we can find some canned meat for my brother.
A top ten wasp, right, sequel injection, cross side script, are you vulnerable to any of these things, no, OK.
So each one carries with them a copper and gold bathed phonograph record, which records a woman's brain waves, a musical anthology, images and sounds of our planet, and includes greetings in 60 human languages, as well as the singing of the humpback whales.
He developed a survival model for sexual services, (Laughter) broke away from the monopoly provider, in many cases took advantage of local resources, and of course, the option of having between one and three girls at a time allowed him to balance all production.
And then I don't look like it, but I was India's national squash champion for three years. (Laughter)
Did I grant myself liberty , or did I grant myself fate ?
PlayStation or Xbox?
4 The threat of nuclear radiation is deeply ingrained in Japanese popular culture, most famously in the Godzilla franchise and Akira anime.
In this lecture, we will identify some key analytical characteristics of organizations.
Doubly ironic, in this case, because their absolutism is actually the opposite of faith.
Now we have diphosphate, adenosine triphosphate, so instead of three here we just write di.
There was the florist, and I understand that once again, we're putting pressure on the ontology of music as we know it conventionally, but let's look at one last piece, which I'm going to share with you today.
This was lightning warfare, a devastating tactic that combines the rapid movement of troops and tanks with the massive use of air power to support infantry actions.
So I put the cat, the rottweiler and the camping gear in the 1975 Chevy and headed toward sunset, forgetting to consider three fundamental questions.
The score / all the daughters of Zion, young adult, Dossey, ultra torrent, ketchup and mayonnaise and God look at him and say this unit, I can't say no.
When it was a woman of your distressing that she would tell you Rabbi Shimon pack a refrigerator to lament and go and say Rabbi Simeon
This is one of my favorites, because we have several stories about BT corn, a genetically modified organism that creates its own pesticide to kill corn larvae.
This type of reflection model is referred to as Animated Drawing Light and Shadow, Celluloid Light and Shadow or sometimes High Contrast Image, celluloid is the material that composes the transparent sheets that are used when the animation is drawn manually.
This is a wonderful photograph of a Czech photographer named Jack Hedley.
They say these things prevent cancer: cod, red pepper, licorice and coffee.
The boxes in our grocery store, the clerk in our factory, the guy who annoys us on the highway, the kind of TV salesman who calls during dinner, all the teachers we've ever had, all the people who've ever woken up next to you, all the politicians in every country, all the actors in every movie, all the people in our family, everyone we love, everyone in this room, all of us, we'll all be dead in a hundred years.
Mountaineering is a really difficult thing.
And it was actually invented, this here is the guillotine and it was actually invented as a more human way to kill people.
And who's asking me clothes that she has style, she's not going to a Strauss market..
And then there's the static apnea.
Napoleon said, "Well, I put those soldiers on the eastern front line.
Skillfully embroidered with the highest quality silver in the form of an intricate watermark, the Sea-fan pendant conveys a remarkable expression of individuality that highlights any suit with ease and elegance
Orville Wright piloted the first plane on a beach in North Carolina.
And as I've said before, if people can't become aware enough to realize the limits of their environment to understand what is manifestly irresponsible to say have a 50-room mansion and a gold bathed toilet seat these are distorted values that have no physical sustainability.
So you can have a bear valet, a stick valet, the sword valet or the cup valet.
The second game was a free-style chess tournament in 2005, where man and machine could participate together as partners rather than opponents if they so wished.
He doesn't remember if he took my chocolate tablet, but he does remember the year all the songs were released on my iPod, the conversations we had when he was four, the chicking in my arm on the first episode of Teletubbies and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Tehran, November 30, 1943 - Gentlemen, I have some good news for Marshal Stalin.
Gitt kicked Mrs. pretty glow just my kids with ice cream and igloo and cover stuck a lot and screaming
I remember all the girls were making a crochet needle cover cover cover will be made up of two of these huge squares usually very elegant colors were so blue and red red line red and blue line and I always at the end of the year
I was in my room, the next traumatic week, I leave home naturally, with a cool doula, I don't know what to call it all these natural things,
And then there 's the self-service bike service .
And the funny thing is, each bag replaces a bath with five rand (40 cents).
And we take it for granted, and the toys and the underwear will save us.
That means soldiers aren't needed to patrol our streets.
They killed about 12,000 sharks in this period, tying a cordon beyond the tip of Keem Bay on Achill Island.
For example, if we were requesting a JSON file, we would specify the name of the file we were interested in.
Ray Charles created the prototype of soul music when he based I Got a Woman on the gospel song It Must Be Jesus.
Sisu is a word that means willpower, patience and determination to, Mr. Gaillard... anytime, anywhere... your move.
It 's estimated that two-thirds of the melodies Dylan used in his early songs were copied , which is typical of folk singers .
And she says, I'm matriarch Rachel, and I raise many eyebrows and says Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, a wonderful article that he wrote, Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu's son Zt read his article I saw you not a hallucination
But like your octopus.
I call this process apophenia, which is the tendency to find meaningful patterns in both meaningful and meaningless situations.
To feel the warmth of the thrill of the confusion of the glorious space cadet?
In fact, she became so clumsy that she insisted on telling this story to her neighbors, friends, other people in the community, who eventually joined a group, made a sticker that they proudly displayed on their cars that said,
I called it serious nonsense because, on the serious side, I use an editorial illustration technique of distressing realism from when I was a kid.
But the zepelim was the greatest moving thing ever made by man.
From where we stopped in the last video, we had an old massive star, a star that started to form an iron core and it had a huge internal pressure in the core because as we form heavier elements in the core it becomes denser, so we continue to melt more and more elements inside it, and then the core becomes more massive, denser compressed to itself and then it's not melting!
Only the problem with using the stove is that then your cream gets like this, oh
He's just going to desert condemned, God save me daughters, I don't know how to
What we do, they're locked up in Safari with a filet teaching the facts of life.
When I looked at my plate, I saw the last chicken wing my adoptive father had given me.