Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded 'millennium bug' failed to materialise, still the people in a number of countries suffered a series of natural disasters that truly were dreadful.
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days, during this part-session.
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka.
If the House agrees, I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested.
Now, however, he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing.
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs de Palacio' s intervention, on another occasion, and not to these comments which appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
There is, in fact, a risk of a military coup in the future.
My Group believes that since a parliament is meant to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification whatsoever for this delay and we believe that, if the Commission is ready to do so, we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in a manner which fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens.
Madam President, I really am quite astonished at Mr Barón Crespo' s behaviour and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
We believe, however, that the Commission's strategic plan needs to be debated within a proper procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document which is adopted in the Commission and which describes this programme over the five-year period.
After all, we do not wish to quarrel with the Commission; if at all possible, we believe that the Commission and Parliament need to tread the same path.
However, we in Parliament also have a supervisory role with regard to the Commission and we do not have to agree with everything which comes out of the Commission.
That is why we would recommend - and it is my impression that the Commission is also open to this idea - that we hold the debate on the Commission's long-term programme up to the year 2005 in February - and I hope that the Commission will agree on a programme before then which it will propose to us - and that, at the same time, in February we also hold the debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000.
I therefore repeat the proposal that this oral question to the Commission and the Council should be retained so that we can find out, once and for all, the positions of these two bodies regarding the proposal which is relatively modest but which would give a clear message to public opinion, particularly after the tide of feeling generated by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as, I believe, we all do, of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel, where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense.
The renovation project, which lasted for months, cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe.
In fact, all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province.
I should like to address one final point. We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that, where transport safety in Europe is concerned, there is still much more to be done.
In this context, I should like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is with us here today, to table an appropriate text as soon as possible with a view to continuing to make it safer for traffic to transit tunnels in the future, so that we in Europe do not have to experience any more such disasters on this scale.
I would like, first of all, to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and, secondly, the Commission for the proposal it has submitted.
However, when it comes to safety, I am rather sceptical because safety in Sweden, for example, is in principle no different from safety in Germany, Italy or Austria.
Margarine and a few kilos of paint which, in principle, do not present risks, led to a genuine disaster.
Therefore, we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved.
I regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job.
It merely prolongs transitional rules by postponing deadlines, deletes provisions which are no longer applicable, and lays down the procedures for a) carrying out the ad hoc transportation of dangerous goods and b) enacting less stringent national regulations, in particular for the transport of very small amounts of dangerous goods within strictly defined local areas.
The Commission decides whether the Member States may impose certain rules of their own. In so doing, it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure.
I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow' s vote.
We look to it to challenge the UK Government, to ensure that the private sector, which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure, is involved in the planning stage.
The rich areas were those where there were jobs in industry, but today those areas might have become a burden, and they may well be poor, meaning we also have to invest in new sectors of industry such as electronic production, as I might call it, and the production of services, because they are the industries of the future.
In our amendments, we have stated the importance of the necessary synergies being produced between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and Community initiatives, so that their application should be reflected, in the best and most profitable way, by the gradual elimination of disparities between regions and by the creation of jobs which are, when all is said and done, the two central purposes of the funds we are discussing.
The operation of the previous round of programmes is also very instructive in telling us what guidelines should not be about.
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer, either in the Commission or in the civil service.
This would ensure that the peripheral countries and the ultraperipheral regions, the poorer regions in Europe, are in a position to operate successfully within the new euro currency zone, as well as within an ever-expanding internal market where the free movement of goods, persons, services and capital exist.
I think we should be capable of saying this loud and clear.
To this end, Europe as a whole, and each Member State individually, will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities, including the Structural Funds.
For this to be possible, what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions, but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express my great interest in listening carefully to the comments, occasional criticisms and suggestions that some of you have just made in your speeches with reference to Mrs Schroedter' s report.
And let me assure you, furthermore, that when the Commission adopts the guidelines with what we call the mid-term review in mind, in line with the regulations, then the point of view of this House, as expressed in this report, will also be taken into account.
Before concluding, I should like to tell Mr Savary that we are going to have a special debate tomorrow on the consequences of the storms which have struck France, Austria and Germany, in particular, in the last few weeks, and at the same time we shall once again be discussing, together with my fellow Commissioner, Mrs de Palacio, what lessons we might draw in the matter of the oil spillage which has also affected the coasts of France.
The strongest regional centres also continue to grow faster than the general European average, whereas many southern European and northern areas are developing considerably more slowly.
It is absolutely essential that companies in areas developing more slowly adopt the latest technology and know-how.
This does not mean that I do not see the need for competitiveness, particularly as I myself am an entrepreneur in an Objective 1 Region, that is in Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and am only too aware of the problems and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises.
By entrepreneurship I do not simply mean the ownership of business, but creating will. I mean the attitude where a person wants to get on in life, whether he or she is an employee, the owner of a business or an official.
The Commission was certainly very anxious to ensure, Mr Berend, that this sixth periodic report should show that progress had been made and a threshold crossed in terms of the quality of the analysis submitted to you.
I do not wish to spend time right now, Mr Berend, going into details regarding my opinion of the general points which your House has already endorsed.
Mr President, I respond to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the President of the House to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the Minutes.
This will be a good test as to whether there is reasonable cooperation between the two institutions.
It will no longer simply be a case of submitting papers and having them approved; for one thing, each person will have to take responsibility themselves, and that is probably why there is unease about this in other quarters.
President Duisenberg even attempted to attribute the weakness, the entirely relative weakness of the euro in relation to the dollar to this state interventionism.
Are state aid to business or inter-company agreements legitimate in a market economy, and who must supervise these exceptions to the absolute rules of the market economy?
But let us stop to consider the circumstances in which this debate is taking place and the conclusions to which it should bring us.
Workers are facing a massive attack on their employment and social rights.
In this respect, we should heed the words of von Eieck, and doubtless also those of the great Italian liberal Bruno Leoni, who warned precisely against the risks of an abnormal increase in anti-competition policies.
Thirdly, I would like to know whether the Commission has looked into the effects its new approach will have on industrial strategy.
Unless anybody thinks that this is merely a nationalistic point, in the Factortame case, in which the British Government was the defendant, it took ten years for the European Court to give a ruling.
Emphasis must also be placed on the fact that a state aid policy - and the Jonckheer report makes this very clear - must continue to afford each state the freedom to define and organise the tasks of the public sector and ownership structures on an independent basis.
At the same time, it must be made clear that aid can serve a useful purpose, with a view to offsetting the deficiencies of the market and furthering Community objectives.
For example, the figures for last year now show that the total value of mergers in the European area was EUR 1.4 trillion, which is seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last European merger boom in 1990.
This poses enormous challenges for competition policy, which I hope it will be able to meet because, for certain, many of those mergers are going to be designed to protect profit margins of the businesses from competition rather than merely to enhance productivity and make those businesses able to operate on a bigger scale.
Forty years on, this proposal has again been placed on the table and I am certain that it will create room for manoeuvre for the monopolies, to the detriment of Europe' s consumers.
In practice, only 9 cases were rejected, 94% of the cases that the Commission had to process were not dealt with formally but by means of unpublished, non-legally binding administrative communications or on account of the expiry of deadlines, which clearly shows that the work of the Commission is subject to time-related, staffing and financial limitations in this age of globalisation and EU enlargement
This has worked fairly well, but, as in the famous film Casablanca 'time goes by' and we must adapt the legislation we have been applying until now to the new circumstances.
Firstly, there is the concern that some have expressed, in particular Mrs Randzio-Plath, President of the Committee on Economic Affairs, of whether this new system of legal exception is absolutely compatible with the Treaty.
I would like to say that, as we know, the Commission report on State aid to the steel industry does not include individual decisions made under the exception procedure, pursuant to Article 95 of the ECSC Treaty, but addresses decisions which are not covered by the code on aid for the steel sector.
Protection under criminal law of the Union's financial interests
Creating UCLAF by means of the Task Force and setting up the anti-fraud office OLAF were important steps, as was the regulation on protecting the financial interests of the Community and on local monitoring.
This state of deadlock, which threatens to undermine the credibility of the Union, has inspired Parliament to initiate the setting-up of a European Public Prosecutor' s Office.
I should like to make clear that my group is going to propose an amendment deleting the detail of how the Commission should tackle this question.
I myself have been involved in the committee of inquiry on transit traffic.
We can improve on this by punishing crime in Europe quickly, and this must be done at European level.
Mrs Theato probably forgot to include a European prison now that we have the FBI, the European police, in the form of OLAF.
Finally, following on from what was agreed in Tampere, the report restates the need for a European Public Prosecutor. This issue has been brought once again to the fore by Commissioner Vitorino' s timely decision to ask the IGC to include in its agenda the creation of this new role, which everyone considers vital.
In my mind, illegal state aid amounts to little more than state-sponsored social dumping.
Countries that claim to be at the heart of Europe but which systematically break its rules should be named and shamed and their hypocrisy revealed.
It is now a fact that in order to attain this goal, rural areas need to see the creation of new jobs, which are no longer solely connected with agriculture, in the traditional sense - although this sector is important for the protection of the environment and the preservation of biodiversity - but also, for instance, in rural tourism, sport and cultural activities, environmental projects, SMEs, services, and so on.
. (FR) Considering the employment situation in the Community and the European Union' s declared ambition to steadfastly attack unemployment, the analysis of mergers carried out by the Commission should take elements other than competition into consideration.
Indeed, this is one advantage of the present system.
We are voting against this report on behalf of the development of public services, in memory of the victims of the Paddington rail disaster, killed not by fate but by an absurd determination to have competition where there should instead be regulations.
I am pleased to see the quality of the seventh report on state aid within the EU, and to see that it will henceforth be an annual report, and also that the Directorate-General for Competition will be making information, both general and specific, publicly accessible via its website.
This is why I should like to see the next report on state aid include some assessment of the effect of such aid on employment, industry and craft businesses in the beneficiary countries.
A disaster of this scale could almost certainly not have occurred along the American coastline, and why?
Firstly, I would like to thank the environment colleagues in my group who approached this particular problem jointly with their transport team.
Is it not about time that we stopped expressing sympathy and started issuing enforcement notices to get rid of these ships of shame in favour of safe seas or we will be back again, later on this year, discussing a new motion for a resolution when yet another flag-of-convenience tanker sadly goes down spewing its crude oil all over the sea.
As a politician she needs to remind her officials how difficult it would be were she to have to come back to this Parliament in a year, were a similar incident, just as devastating, to take place, if some of the measures she has proposed today were simply still remaining as fine words and she had not had the chance to put them into practice.
With every tide, the volunteers, members of the armed forces and firemen remove great pancakes of this thick, sticky, black tar.
Because our states, with the blessing of the Community, did not deem it useful to have its own commercial fleet and allowed meticulous shipbuilding know-how to disappear, we no longer have access to the clear traceability of vessels and we can see veritable coffin ships navigating our waters under flags of convenience, drifting according to the short-term interests of the multinationals.
The Atlantic West Coast once again is paying a high price for their inability to react, for their capitulation to the multinationals.
Furthermore, if a ship is no longer seaworthy, not only should the facts be examined, but a legal system should be introduced which states or recommends that the vessel should no longer be used.
I am looking at all those of you who have not exactly been at the forefront of the environmental movement.
In our society there is no such thing as zero-risk, but we must at least ensure the greatest possible levels of safety.
Commissioner, I would also like to thank you for the speedy response of your department to this event and the measures which are being adopted and implemented.
I trust that these measures will, in a few months, give rise to a clear and convincing legal instrument - a directive, possibly - which will put an end, once and for all, to these 21st Century pirates, who deprive us all of the wealth and beauty of the sea.
We have set a figure of USD 180 million; in the United States they are talking about USD 1 billion as a maximum ceiling for covering claims payments.
I think that this is something which we should continually bear in mind so that we do not lose sight of it in our various policies.
Mr President, everyone who has travelled here by car, train or aeroplane, has been able to see the extent of the damage, particularly in France, caused by hurricanes of a completely unprecedented violence which struck Europe at the end of last month.
Almost three weeks after the disaster, several thousand people were still without electricity and telephones, 500 000 hectares of forestry land, or 100 million cubic metres of forest, have been ruined, and our historical heritage has also been affected, as the sad example of the park at the Palace of Versailles demonstrates.
We must be aware of this connection; I do not support those who make sweeping statements to the effect that the greenhouse effect is to blame for this storm, but one thing we can be relatively certain of is that we have reason to fear further catastrophes if we do not soon alter our course!
For example, the work of the EU unit located in Dublin has shown that physical distance is no barrier these days to communication and having an effective influence on matters.
I would ask you on what you base your ideas for a location?
If I can make a literary commendation to the honourable Member, who I recognise is interested in these subjects, I recommend to him a book published just before Christmas written by Isabel Hilton, the distinguished journalist, on the problems of Tibet.
We will be happy to incorporate Mr Patten' s notes into the bibliography, as another bedside book for the Members to bear in mind.
I hope the approach that we are following both demonstrates practicality and the imperative of giving this the attention which it deserves.
Is the purpose of the famous training centres to provide jobs for instructors or trainees?
However, this contradicts the stated aim of the general objectives for decentralised action plans at the level of local authorities and rural areas.
It is an excellent opportunity for this Parliament to introduce far-reaching reforms to these plans.
Neither can we tolerate a situation in which a public body holds the copyright to public documents.
Furthermore, it should be the case that, if the Court of Auditors detects a mistake not just one year but two years running, the management should be held responsible for it, and this will have an effect on chances of promotion.
This Parliament has also asked the Commission to give an initial outline of the external aid policy reforms on 31 March of this year.
As long as we have no status, we are not credible as a force for reforming the Union.
It is critical to note that the Commission has too often failed to act on the reforms recommended by the Court of Auditors.
If Parliament votes in favour of the Committee on Budgetary Control' s proposal this week and grants discharge, then the Commission must not take this to be a blank cheque.
The refusal of the European Parliament to grant discharge and the definitive refusal for the 1996 budget; the motion of censure tabled in this House a year ago for differing reasons; and the first report of the Committee of Independent Experts on the reform of the Commission which led to the mass resignation of the Commission itself, are now part of European folklore.
Can I invite Mr Elles not to put the cart before the horse.
They are most likely to occur if there is little democratic control on cash flow.
It will, at best, lead to more bureaucracy and less room for local democracy and for people to get involved in choosing and developing projects.
A lack of responsibility, too much ex ante, not enough ex post and, as a result, far too little in the way of a culture of real effective spending.
When the Commission' s first draft report soon becomes the official report on 1 March, I very much hope that our input here will help ensure that we will actually witness this change.
Up until now, the Commission' s payments could only be made when the authorising officer signed the appropriate order and the financial controller gave his approval in the form of a visa.
Mr President, the scope and highly detailed nature of the proposals for necessary reform measures show just how important these reforms are.
Financial control' s ex ante visa for each spending department will only be relinquished as and when the internal control system in a department is shown to be fully adequate.
With the introduction of a series of codes of conduct the current Commission has begun to develop an explicit ethical framework.
I wish insistently to remind the Council and, should it be necessary, Parliament, that we should not continue to allow a gap to develop between our rhetoric and what we are actually capable of doing.
The Commission and Member States also have to be encouraged to support projects which can help develop understanding and partnership between the different nations in the region.
We cannot be content with a role backstage. We must be leading protagonists while staying off a collision course with the United States, as Minister Gama said.
I hope that the forthcoming visit by the President of the European Parliament to the region, as well as the presidents of the relevant interparliamentary delegations, will begin an era of greater initiative and a greater presence for the European Union in this complicated and difficult peace process.
The financial envelope envisaged for 2000 is EUR 3 million.
I must not overlook the fact that 1999 marked the beginning of the 1999-2004 parliamentary term of the European Parliament, that it was the year in which the new Commission took up its duties and, as a consequence, the year in which a Commissioner solely responsible for the areas of justice and home affairs assumed his responsibilities.
The Commission will fulfil the remit given to it at Tampere to present proposals for approving definitions, criminal charges and common sanctions in the field of trafficking in human beings, economic exploitation of immigrants, and sexual exploitation of woman and children, with special emphasis on combating the use of new means of communication, notably the Internet, for distributing child pornography.
I therefore call on the Council representatives to look beyond their national boundaries and bring about a uniform asylum procedure for the whole Union.
Ireland, for generations, sent her sons and daughters to places of safety throughout the world, but now when the Celtic tiger is providing wealth and prosperity beyond our expectations, we are showing a very ugly side to our character.
It has been a relative shock to our political leaders to find we must now take a share of the refugees that have been coming into the European Union for a long time.
Subject: Measures to combat the continuing ethnic cleansing of Serbs and Romanies in Kosovo On 2 December 1999, NATO's Defence Ministers made a strong appeal for an end to the ethnic cleansing of Kosovo's minority communities.
Firstly, an increase in police numbers would be an important factor in guaranteeing the safety of the civilian population and, in particular, in protecting certain sections of the civilian population. Secondly, an increase in appropriations would allow some officials who have important roles in the administrative and operational process in Kosovo to be kept on.
You said that in Lisbon you intend to discuss more dynamic and competitive development.
If, by chance, it were possible to agree to include the cultural dimension in what has been called the fifth negotiating box of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference, then this could be suggested, both by Member States, and by the Members of the European Parliament taking part in the preparatory group.
It is self-perpetuating in a world of ever higher bids which constantly denies the humanity of man, the rich as much as the poor. Yet it is the latter who, at the end of the day, are excluded from the majority of the world' s decision-making centres for these are monopolised by a tiny minority referred to recently, and very aptly, by Jean-Pierre Chevènement as the globalised élites.
Those who oppose taxation on currency dealing are in favour of those tax-recycling centres, the tax havens, of which there are 62 in all.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must challenge the monopoly the world' s speculative elite have on planning the world' s economy by remaining outside the tax system.
Since then, the victims' families, who have not had the consolation of justice, since the pilot responsible has not faced criminal charges, have been awaiting solicitous financial compensation from the United States at the very least.
However, with Haider and his men, we would see the extreme right, openly racist, anti-Semitic and xenophobic, promoted to the rank of co-ruler of our Community.
Any action which can be taken must, in our opinion, serve the twofold function of proscribing Haider without, however, isolating Austrian society.
But, beyond that, no one, including the European Union, can, in our opinion, be exempted from asking themselves what grounds there are for permitting an unscrupulous demagogue to exploit the frustrations and fears generated by policies in which too many sectors of the population are disregarded.
Not only the Alpine region, but all our countries are involved: the conditions are being created whereby democracy and European civilisation may once again come under threat.
The view that ethnicity is the defining factor of a nation and the claim that one ethnic group has superiority over others, as is written here, revives old ghosts of the century which we have just left behind, which some historians have described as the century of horrors; horrors which the unacceptable philosophy behind Mr Haider' s manifesto has stirred up once again, to our amazement.
Measures taken must be proportional to the chosen level of protection - that is, we do not use the sledgehammer to crack a nut.
This teratogenicity has been demonstrated by just one English laboratory, perhaps because it is the only one that has carried out tests.
From the decisions made at the Helsinki Summit, it emerges that the agenda agreed there is unsatisfactory and does not guarantee the essential and substantive changes required for creating a more functional Europe, one that is more effective, more democratic and more transparent.
I believe it falls to you, as President-in-Office of the Council, to see to it that the train does not keep rolling on as before, leaving the people behind on the platforms as if they were ignorant as to the content of the treaties.
We also take the view that the political decision-makers must at long last change the habit of a life-time and ask the citizens in referenda, once the Intergovernmental Conference is over, whether or not they go along with the way in which Europe is to continue to develop in the future.
The poor turnout at the European elections really should have been warning enough for everyone.
We deplore the fact that the Commission, in its opinion of 26 January, limits itself to following the routine path of a standardised Europe enlarging towards the East, a centralised superstate operating on the basis of majority decisions.
If we allow Europe to be watered down as a result of enlargement, we will drown in our own political quagmire.
It also, of course, damages credibility when it is stated that monetary union could constitute a counterbalance to globalised capital.
There was a clear agreement, good or bad I will not say, but there was a contract. There was a clear understanding between the Commission services and the Committee on Budgets that there was agreement on Amendments 4 and 7, i.e. on the idea of linking the mobilisation, the implementation, of the second tranche of macrofinancial aid to the condition that donors should first have fulfilled their relative obligations in terms of payment.
I would also like to thank the leader of the delegation in the Conciliation Committee, Mr Provan. For as Mr Langen said just now, we certainly had a tough fight on our hands in the Conciliation Committee.
I would like to say however that it is, and has always been, a very modest budget and therefore the funding for this programme is more symbolic than real.
It has been said before, and we have discussed this between ourselves on various occasions, that culture is, of course, extremely important as an area unto itself - I would like to stress this once again - but also as the instrument par excellence for furthering the European idea. It is also of great importance to citizens.
That is the same as a single, medium-sized, German opera house' s expenditure over the same period, when here in Europe this sum has been earmarked for 29 countries over a period of five years!
We know that in the Netherlands there are authorised treatment centres in place to collect end-of-life vehicles and this process should be extended across the length and breadth of the European Union.
Firstly, Herr Trittin, the Environment Minister, was not in tune with his colleagues in the Cabinet, then Chancellor Schröder blundered in like a bull in a china shop, having no expert knowledge of this process.
It fails to take in the bigger picture and when my fellow delegate from the Greens says that this is the first time that the European Parliament has toned down a common position, I really must object, because quite simply, it is not environmentally meaningful to restrict the use of modern, low-consumption cars such as the 3-litre car, which contain a great deal of plastic, by means of rigid, high recycling quotas!
By having the opportunity to show their true merit, by eliminating as far as possible the barriers associated to the specifics of their condition as women, and not in the context of a conflict in which women seem to be attacking male privilege, women will demonstrate the benefits to be gained by facilitating a situation where their professional careers may flourish. In this way they will succeed in altering balances which are still not in their favour.
The car lobby was unsuccessful today and I am pleased about that.
What, then, are the values of these Socialists who feathered their electoral nest in the last century by painting the idea of greater social justice in glowing colours for the benefit of the underprivileged, and who today are nothing more than the party of protected civil servants, full-time union officials and state capitalism?
I shall not even mention the instances of corruption in the Italian Socialist Party, because it does not do to kick a man when he is down, still less when he is dead and gone.
The torrent of confusion and rash actions that has been unleashed over Austria has blown things out of all proportion. It has caused considerable distress to decent citizens and evokes risks that had previously not even been considered.
Fascism and neo-Nazism are cancers!
The CSU European delegates have no sympathy whatsoever with the leader of the FPÖ.
He knew what those jubilant crowds did not know but could have learned from books: that the plague bacillus never dies or disappears for good; that it can lie dormant for years and years in furniture and linen-chests; that it bides its time in bedrooms, cellars, trunks, and bookshelves; and that perhaps the day would come when, for the bane and the enlightening of men, it would rouse up its rats again and send them forth to die in a happy city.
It was only after they unsuccessfully solicited the FPÖ to tolerate a minority government and, obviously in vain, offered the Freedom Party ministerial posts, that the SPÖ begin its massive campaign against Haider.
The Communication from the Commission takes account of the need to adopt approaches combining a range of economic, social, and infrastructural measures.
It will not work as an automatic target, but must be applied in the target area according to prevailing conditions.
With regard to INTERREG, we are very happy that there is a reference to the creation of a European monitoring centre concerned with cooperation.
Because disabled people do not form one homogenous group - for example many deaf people see themselves as a linguistic minority denied respect for their own language and culture - it is necessary as stated in paragraph 9 to enable some partnerships to be defined which are specific to a particular disability or other group.
If we have success in this threefold sense, I believe that these families, these people, these European citizens, will believe more in Europe, and this seems to me to be very important because, ultimately, the cities will increasingly come to play a leading role in European life.
Some countries - such as France and Spain - managed to meet the challenge, giving rise to great nation States; other countries - such as Italy - did not meet this challenge and lost all the headway that they had accumulated during the first part of that millennium: headway in science, technology, economic progress, defence structures and military organisation, philosophy and literature.
Above all, Madam President - and here I will end - we must be able to express this in plain language, clearly, by changing to some extent the jargon which we use, because we cannot ask the Europeans, who are living through profound changes, to take part and show enthusiasm towards us if we continue to use a form of language which they find completely inaccessible.
Perhaps this is a very unromantic thing to say on such a morning.
But why do they not buy their own entrance ticket?
It is not rather ambitious to ensure peace, democracy and human rights in the whole of Europe, no less?
Today, we have been called on to choose, for the forthcoming decades, between a Europe that might be less prosperous but a beacon of peace and civilisation for the whole planet and a Europe that might be more wealthy, but where there is uncertainty over what the future might bring.
It is all very well for us, by mutual consensus, to make an effort in terms of budgetary rationalisation, but you must be very aware that the lack of resources, the absence of financial autonomy and the poor execution of the budget, continue to be urgent issues which must be resolved.
It is no good spending time on hobbies when there is a day' s work to be done.
Firstly, Mr President, although your two predecessors concentrated on developing an internal market and establishing the single currency, it has been left to you to develop this whole value of citizenship which is at the heart of European construction.
For example, to accept new roads is to accept new pollution within the European Union. This goes totally against the policies which we are proposing to fight greenhouse gas emissions, for example.
Nonetheless, the French delegation in our group was unable to accept the fact that the Commission and the federalist faction have diverted the INTERREG initiative from its original purpose in order to detract still further from the political role of the nations.
Up the point at which meat, milk, bread and other products are sold over the shop counter, feedingstuffs and additives are structured, mixed, blended, cut and transported several times.
It is equally important to have strict hygiene requirements for the manufacture of additives and for proper controls to be carried out in the Member States.
At first we were somewhat irresolute and we regret that now. But I have come to the conclusion that it was in fact quite clever timing.
I am now going to briefly discuss the main issues on which the Spanish Socialist delegation differs somewhat from certain positions which have been expressed here.
Mr President, every satellite photo proves that we do indeed live on the blue planet, yet the abundance of water is an illusion.
This means that in terms of quantity management too, we need to put in considerable effort to ensure that life upstream and downstream is not affected by it.
Anyone with any sense would like to see this framework directive used as a big stick for those pursuing policies who are now failing in some way.
Although this may seem rather egotistical, I want the Commission, in the minds of the people, to have a face and for those people forming the Commission to be able to meet our citizens as often as possible.
Commissioner, I want to go back to one of your previous answers. In this you mentioned what I would refer to as the possibilities of protecting the EU Treaty against any risks of deviation and, in particular, the variation of penalties which may be imposed on a Member State, pursuant to Article 7, for the violation of fundamental freedoms.
Secondly, under the reconstruction programme, urgent intervention at the hospital in Mitrovica has already been initiated with a EUR 1 million rehabilitation programme.
Subject: Implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu Dam in Turkey Given that Turkey has recently been granted applicant country status, what is the Commission's view of the implications for human rights of the construction of the Ilisu Dam, given the massive displacement of the Kurdish and the other people of the region that will result?
As regards our external partners, all we can do is set them a good example and encourage their efforts to democratise their decision-making processes.
A number of technical provisions need to be made, such as the installation of a computer network, archives, a canteen and furniture.
The answer is that this is smuggled into the country or made by the Swedes themselves, and as Mr Andersson knows, this is an extremely dangerous and unhealthy activity.
Commissioner, do you have any reason, on public health grounds, for a difference in the taxation rates on, for example, Scotch whisky or French Bordeaux wine or even my colleague's Bavarian beer?
There is ,of course, elasticity of demand, in this case a price elasticity of demand.
I come from a country whose southern half is on the Mediterranean and the availability of water historically depends on the whims of an unpredictable climate and a difficult terrain.
We also wish to point out that especially in areas with acute drought problems such as my own country, and especially on the islands, funding must be provided for infrastructure for the saving of water, by increasing not its cost but its quantity. This should mainly be carried out by collecting the rainwater that now goes to waste, running off into the sea and eroding the soil, with all the problems that creates.
But I should like to stress the fact that, on this issue of the environment, the budget issue is a central one and Parliament cannot yield to the blackmail which requires it to be the only reasonable party in the deal.
Social rights should determine economic choices, and not the other way around.
This would mean moving away from the situation of extreme poverty in which more than a third of the world' s population lives, and moving away from the extremely poor living conditions suffered by over a billion people. This is an extraordinary state of affairs, which certainly means that if this objective is to be achieved the international community as a whole will have to participate and intervene actively.
A number of developing countries grow sugar cane for sugar production.
We ought to seize this opportunity and bring the last colonial episode in Africa to an end.
It is not surprising that the debate is long and difficult.
In explaining my vote, I must say that it is positive that there is a Community directive on water, but I believe that environmental dogma will not lead to the construction of Europe, but will lead to legislative caricature.
This well-known phrase, which is taken from the conclusions of the UN World Conference on human rights of 1993, is known off by heart by many.
It seems contradictory. Never before in history has humanitarian right been so well developed.
These were the words spoken three hours ago in this Chamber by the President of the Czech Republic, Vaclav Havel.
To this end the High Commissioner recently launched an annual appeal for USD 53 million to enable her office to carry out these tasks.
Ten years ago, the  velvet revolution  proclaimed Havel na HRAD.
Well, he was wrong, and I pay tribute to Philip Lowe and his team who have worked so successfully behind the scenes to conclude a new Convention in very difficult circumstances.
Mr President, we did not need to witness the end the Kosovo conflict to reach the conclusion that, after various wars in the territory of the former Yugoslavia, with their untold negative effects on the stability of the Balkans, a global and durable strategy for the whole region is needed, aimed at guaranteeing peace and stability in south-east Europe.
In essence, FYROM is a miniature version of the former Yugoslavia, regardless of where one or another minority holds supremacy.
Secondly, the deficit - or, if applicable, the surplus - means the ESA 95 government sector' s net borrowing requirement or lending ability respectively
Firstly, the idea of an EU passport for management companies is to be welcomed; and the home-state approval rule is also to be welcomed.
This basic principle of liberalisation, increased competition and greater investment opportunities, together with prudence to ensure the protection which investors deserve, has determined and inspired my Group' s position on most of the controversial points which have arisen.
A child, a student or a pupil who smokes hashish in one country is dealt with in an educational way, while in another country he is treated as a criminal and locked up in the universities of crime constituted by the corrective system and the prisons.
The police forces which have been sent out do not have the manpower to stop what is going on.
I have been informed that the Commissioner for the Environment, Margot Wallström, has travelled from Strasbourg to Romania in order to see for herself, on the spot, what has happened.
Mr President, this is not exactly a point of order but concerns a communication we have before us today, namely that the Conference of Presidents open to Members, which was scheduled for 23 February, has now been cancelled. We should consider on principle whether there is any point at all in holding these kinds of meetings.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the planned liberalisation of the traditional national postal services raises the inevitable question as to what the postal services will consider their core business to be in the future. In other words, what will the postal services be prepared to do themselves, what will they want to do together in international cooperation and what will they no longer provide?
Even the tiniest village has a post office and in future e-commerce will make far more use of the post because many people will order goods by e-mail and through websites and also send bills and so forth by that means.
They have all been available on the Commission' s Internet website since August 1999 and the Commission is willing to provide copies to anybody who is interested.
We indeed take huge encouragement from the very positive and constructive response offered in the consultation over the last month and I believe therefore that although there may be a slight delay in the compilation and application of reforms, these reforms will nevertheless be strengthened by the extent of understanding and commitment that will be produced by the consultation which we will undertake assiduously.
In so far as it is at all possible with all of the advice at our disposal and all of the design capability that we have, I am certain that we have installed, or that we will install on the basis of our proposals, a system that will provide the Union, its taxpayers and this House with complete security.
No soldier can, of course, be despatched without the approval of the relevant national parliament.
Finally, Mr Solana, I would just like to ask you what point there is in having the much heralded policy planning and early warning cell in the Council Secretariat if still we are taken by surprise by yet another humanitarian catastrophe.
We are establishing a Commission crisis centre as the operational interface with the situation centre in the high representative' s policy unit.
I think there is an umbilical cord between neglecting human rights, between neglecting habeas corpus, between neglecting all the usual rules of good governance, between tyranny and between environmental degradation.
The current figures reaching us on the extent of the disaster are terrifying, as the Commissioner has already said: around one million people homeless and more than one hundred thousand on top of roofs or trees, waiting for a helicopter to come and save them.
We have always supported ECHO, its policies and its actions, even some which have been disputed by certain bodies. We believe that solidarity must be the distinctive feature of the EU' s external action.
This was the first pillar of my recommendation.
I too would like to compliment Mr Hudghton on his report and to endorse his additions to the original proposal in relation both to the matter of compensation and encouragement of vaccine development.
Before we jump to copy the slaughter policy of the Norwegians, we should try these other things first to see if we can mitigate the disaster.
This intergovernmental fishery organisation of which the European Union is a member is responsible for the conservation of tuna and tuna-like species in the Atlantic and the adjacent seas including the Mediterranean. This body was established back in March 1969 and is formally obliged to meet biannually, however the norm is that it meets annually and takes its decisions on the basis of scientific advice.
I discovered that the EU is using ERDF resources to finance the construction of a wharf in Vilagarcia, in Galicia, for storing chemical and hydrocarbon products, on a site which will only employ three workers. This contravenes the EC environmental impact directive in relation to an estuary such as Arousa, where 26 000 people earn a living from the seafood industry.
The epilogue to this disaster must surely be the urgent adoption of measures to minimise the damage and to prevent this happening again in the future.
Thanks to the grass-roots involvement, which this House furthered by organising a debate and adopting a resolution on 20 January, an initial raft of measures has been announced.
Benchmarking and best practice, which the Commission recommends, calls for a large measure of Europe-wide transparency in those fields where industrial secrecy does not apply.
The growth in media, mobile radio communication and software was not able to compensate for the job losses in the telecommunications sector and in the electronics industry, and for the rationalisation resulting from the introduction of information technology in other sectors of the economy.
Firstly, they will examine how best the European Union should equip itself to accommodate the broader effects of trade globalisation.
The European Social Fund and national governments must continue to finance drug rehabilitation programmes, to promote higher standards of adult literacy and to work against early school-leaving.
It would seem that the exorbitant profits made in the casino that is the international finance market have no impact on inflation.
I therefore think there should be investment in computers for primary schools, broadband communications for sparsely populated areas, technology libraries for the public and a public sector which should not be impoverished but, rather, reinforced.
Mr President, every day five million items of solid waste are thrown overboard from ships.
The police and the vehicle inspection authorities were conducting a spot check of sixty-two heavy goods vehicles in eastern Finland recently.
We cannot wait for a White Paper, for the Commission already has far too much in the pipeline which might have to be looked at in this light, whilst other matters will have to be implemented more quickly and in a more comprehensible manner.
In the second place, if the text of the common position goes unchanged, then consumers will be needing a magnifying glass in order to examine the composition of chocolate products.
That is fine, let everyone have their own chocolate bar in their own home.
Although the breaches in the wreck had officially been sealed, oil slicks in fact continued to wash up on the shores, showing that either new leaks had appeared or that vessels passing through the vicinity were taking advantage of the situation to empty their tanks, or, probably, that both these things were occurring at the same time.
Moreover, at a time when certain communication systems, certain spying systems, are prohibited, we must guarantee citizens' rights with regard to the new European bodies which are being developed, and guarantee the rights of the citizen by means of parliamentary monitoring, but also consumer rights with regard to the new Internet marketing techniques.
In that way, a loophole has appeared in connection with fundamental rights, and this loophole should, of course, be closed.
The ascendancy of these ideas and the end of the totalitarian era which marked certain European societies has created a new situation to which we must respond.
The eco-label regulation treads the fine line between economic and ecological interests, one group wanting above all to enforce stringent environmental requirements, the other with an eye on the marketing aspect of the label.
The moral of this story is, of course, that to compete in the mainstream market, eco-products must give a performance close to their alternatives. Only then can these products move out of the niche market they already have and into the mainstream.
That will add to the formation of methane, as a result of putrefaction of organic waste, and the greenhouse phenomenon.
As I have already mentioned, the Commission accepts the proposed limit of 500 milligrams for nitric oxides in new cement kilns.
To save time I am going to assume that the respiratory and other health problems associated with ozone are understood, and that every Member of this House will want to reduce them.
Back in July 1995, Strasbourg was labouring under ozone smog.
If we want to combat acidification, manure pollution and smog formation, we need to reduce the emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, ammonia and volatile organic substances.
Fundamentally and finally, is she prepared to compromise to find solutions, if the undertakings being given by government or the work being undertaken by governments takes longer than we would wish?
We live in hope that the twentieth century, which Europe has soaked in blood, can give way to a twenty-first century in which the power, the genius and the enthusiasm of humankind can be applied to the construction of a more just, peaceful and sustainable world.
Her strength and power for evil purposes is matched only by her determination not to find the missing prisoners.
Quantitatively, because it affects several million people and qualitatively, because the very existence of this extremely diversified people is at stake.
Or does the Western expert' s razor-sharp criticism levelled at the European Union for its dismissive attitude towards Roma asylum-seekers cut ice after all?
This is the combination of Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, in itself a sensational combination, but this club never takes part in debates on technical work.
We should therefore voice to the Estonians and Latvians our express recognition of the fact that they have managed to keep a cool head and that they are receptive to our arguments when it comes to adapting their legislation in this area to European standards.
The future of waste disposal does not lie in local authorities up and down the length and breadth of this country searching for new landfill sites.
If the same requirements are laid down for all types of incineration plant, the effect could be to hinder the sorting of rubbish and to make recycling and reuse more difficult, including composting organic waste.
This provides an ideal way of illustrating this issue by looking, for example, at the journey of the packaging of a chocolate bar from the dustbin to the incineration plant. From this we can see that the combustion of the aluminium foil produces toxic gases.
We also know that European film, particularly when produced in languages with few speakers, cannot easily maintain as large a film production as one would wish.
The most serious violations include the systematic use of torture, illegal arrests, disappearances, executions by paramilitary death squads, the arrest of trade unionists, bans on strikes and allegations of enforced sterilisation in the State of Guererro.
The policy objective must be to ensure that Europe has a modern, high-performance infrastructure which allows valuable quality telecommunications services to be supplied and demanded from the telephone via the PC and television.
It opens up a global market place and almost limitless information to anyone with access to a computer screen.
Has the Commissioner a remedy in mind for if and when the air balloon companies in this sector burst so that the taxpayer does not have to pay out, as is the case with crises in the banks, for example?
We could then deal with the behaviour of young people who commit offences later on, in one of the many other reports which are churned out by Parliament.
- (FR) The annual report on respect for human rights in the European Union is usually taken as an opportunity to display a rather pathetic excess of political correctness.
There are, however, two sides to this political tale of war and suffering, and I think we must seek more strongly to understand the causes of conflict between Russia and Chechnya, so that we can help to stem the flow of human blood more quickly another time.
It is most peculiar that the European Union is not really aware that we too have this tool at our disposal and that, for example, we should, in fact, deny entry to the EU to the Serbian football hooligans in return, because they are people who take advantage of the Milosevic regime in the most shocking manner.
Once again, it seems unlikely that the correct decisions will be taken at the CITES meeting in Nairobi and once again, we will be stepping in to prevent the wrong decisions from being taken.
The Dutch Minister was the only one to vote for the conservation of the elephant.
But, on the other hand, by contrast with the Haarder report which we voted for this morning, this report is long on radical demagoguery and short on legal rigour.
On the other hand, the food problems we have had in the European Union have been caused by feeding herbivores with animal-based feedingstuffs, and if we do not encourage the feeding of livestock with plant proteins, such as legumes, and lower their price, farmers will continue to resort to animal meal due to the enormous pressure of competition.
We should not begin the legislative procedure under the slogan  suspend  but under the slogan  adaptation to new, jointly-agreed standards  .
We must not make the mistake, as we so often seem to do in this House, of believing that the only alternative to EU action is some kind of anarchy wherein no nation consults with any other.
We want to show you that there is no need for a repeat of last year' s tragedy, with heckling and confrontation throughout the entire budgetary procedure.
In order to deal with this methodological inconsistency, we have proposed an amendment which expands on this thought-provoking concept.
There, however, it is a kind of forensic lottery, as academics have called it, because many people who are injured get nothing at all and some people who are injured get enormous damages.
Mr President, yesterday, ladies and gentlemen, an American court awarded the nicotine victim Leslie Whiteley compensation of no less than USD 44 million.
We must not forget that there are many Europeans who feed this scourge of the new millennium
The consumer experiences a phenomenon of habituation, if I can call it that, in the face of the incitements to pornography displayed on television, in hotel chains (and that includes here in Strasbourg or Brussels) or in all the magazines in view on shop shelves, and necessarily is driven ultimately to seek ever stronger stimuli, like a drug addict.
You reject this and I simply cannot see why, because this is the first point of contact where we can provide specific help, accelerate processes and promote refugee integration.
So far, the balance sheet has not made any clear statement for the period after 2001.
It is now more than 20 years, for example, since the discovery of the presence of female sex hormones in jars of baby food led directly to the hormone directives being issued in 1981 and 1985 and revised in 1988.
The usefulness for the consumer is that the grated carrots will appear to be 'fresh' even though they are actually not.
It has been clearly stated that our own, previously public, competition criteria have been broken for certain positions in order to lever certain persons into those positions.
They should also consider what it means, from a political point of view, if we go ahead and give these sweets to the Council.
The European Court of Justice again made that clear in its most recent judgement a few weeks ago, when it halved or even cancelled fines in the case of the cement cartel.
Unfortunately, there are too many delegations which are just there for the ride.
The European Parliament' s financial situation has been the subject of extensive media coverage over the past few weeks.
Without this qualification, users 'surfing' the Internet and inadvertently accessing a site displaying child pornography would also be punishable.
I would ask whether the astronomical price of the third generation mobile phone licences now being put up for auction in England will be of benefit to the consumers of the future?
It is like putting a fake label on a product, which does not match the content.
There was concern about the way the Summit was being managed - it did not even appear in the programme for the current six-month period - with moments of confusion, suspense and abundant rumour-mongering, which were incompatible with the seriousness and rigour which should be expected from the European Union given the importance of this historic meeting, the first to be held at the highest level between European and African leaders.
Europe must now also commit itself to the prevention and resolution of armed conflicts, the provision of humanitarian aid for famines and the treatment of illnesses such as Aids or malaria which decimate the African population.
What does this mean to these poor people, the majority of whom live in the bush, who have no knowledge, no means of efficient cultivation, harvesting, processing, packaging even what little they grow?
I am not claiming to portray the whole situation in Zimbabwe but this is an important point.
I cannot confirm the accuracy of the BBC television report.
The first impression is that there is a sort of EU euphoria in Turkey when it comes to the media.
Some Members shout into the microphone, even though the microphone is, in fact, there to make shouting unnecessary, thereby making it impossible to hear anything over the headphones.
We consider that the insistence on maintaining the limit on the number of Members at 700, even when we become a 20-State Europe, unnecessarily penalises the regions and those whose political orientations are neither socialist nor conservative.
I am always surprised to see our Parliament, which sets itself up as the committed champion of respect for minority rights when it comes to others, go against this approach when it comes to deciding on the institutional architecture of our own House.
Secondly, I must say that, on questions of political responsibility, the Council refuses to be given lessons and be subjected to pressure by something that has much more to do with the internal chicanery of Portuguese national politics than properly with matters of substance.
To this end, I propose that there be set up a prestigious and independent committee of international experts to assess the situation together with the international organisations and to implement a series of urgent proposals and initiatives for food and health aid, acting immediately, planning for the future and putting all our humanitarian weaponry into the hands of the non-governmental organisations.
A domino effect.
Three mayors of towns in S.E. Turkey, who are supporters of the same party, were also arrested on charges of collaborating with the PKK.
The set pension fund strategy essentially aims to drain savings away toward the financial markets.
Our citizens, on the other hand, must experience the same level of confidence and protection for transactions on-line as they do off-line.
In all of this, electronic commerce, the Internet and new technologies must offer a good platform.
But the thing that often goes wrong with European campaigns - and fortunately I have not been around long enough as a politician to be unaware how the ordinary citizen reacts to this - is that, very often, they are nothing but an attractive front, pretty to look at but insubstantial.
The risk entailed in a Europe 'à la carte' is that the whole integrity and basic idea of EU cooperation will be lost.
The report calls for greater liberalisation of sectors such as the pharmaceutical market and a reduction in the tax burden on employment, thereby proving that the measures being taken are paving the way for greater liberalisation of and less accountable capital transactions and profits with exceptionally dangerous consequences for the entire social protection system.
With this amendment to the Regulation, the Commission would be empowered to amend the list of goods not covered by Annex 1. The Commission already has this power in the area of agricultural produce, such as grain, sugar, rice and eggs.
As a Portuguese national, I would be shocked if a measure of this kind were to be approved while my own country held the presidency of the European Union.
Further south-west, in France, my parents spent many days in the dim light of the petroleum lamp which I had given to them once as a present.
Bans are not the right method; instead we need incentives, we need to give support for the airlines to move towards reducing emissions by using modern fleets that use less kerosene and also produce less pollution.
On Mrs Hautala' s point, I would simply say that none of the appointments that have been announced today was the subject of a panel and there is a very straightforward legal reason for that.
That would be as absurd as making a café owner liable for monitoring what is said across the café tables.
Even if again this comes in for criticism from the Budgets Committee, it is not much good delivering food aid to a country' s ports if you cannot then distribute it to the remote areas by truck or by air to the people starving and in need.
There was an explosion in a fireworks warehouse which has already caused at least sixteen deaths and has injured over six hundred people, six of whom are in a critical condition, with many more people reported missing.
- On 7 May last year, terrorism of the most undiscriminating and brutal kind once again struck in Spain with the murder of José Luis López de Lacalle, a journalist and co-founder of the Forum d' Ermua, a peace movement of Basque intellectuals.
A democratic and reconciled South Africa is the prerequisite for this  something new and great  , in which Africa and the countries of Europe meet on a new and equal footing and look forward, instead of remaining stuck in the old colonial period.
Subject: Precarious employment and the industrial-accident rate in Spain and in the Murcia region At the Lisbon Summit, a commitment was made to achieving full employment in proper jobs throughout the EU.
According to a study recently published by the European Environment Agency, transport is responsible for almost 30% of the European Union' s total emissions, and it predicts that the level of carbon dioxide emissions generated by this sector will increase by 39% of the 1990 level by 2010.
Certainly that synthetic euro included currencies such as the Italian Lira, but the same point applies even to the mighty German Mark on its own.
National disparities are a considerable obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe, in spite of the many advantages of this means of transport in terms of sustainable development, pollution and safety.
. (EL) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the launch of the first artificial satellite by the Soviet Union in 1957 marked the start of space exploration and the beginning of a new era for mankind.
Well, in the United States, a famous pensioner, the astronaut John Glenn, went into space at the age of 69.
At that time, the courage, love of freedom and determination of the Slovene people and their President eventually prevailed over the threats of violence.
To this end, they have attacked the latest report by the International Labour Office on trafficking in women and prostitution, and the work of Mrs Lin Lean Lim highlighting the need for a statute to protect prostitutes. They have also decried Europe as a pimp on the grounds that certain countries are trying to establish non-abolitionist legislation in this area.
- (SV) It is extremely important that the EU' s legislation and accompanying rules in the area of telecommunications should be updated concurrently with the explosive global development where digital and mobile communication is concerned.
I have just been told that we have a delegation from the City Council of Munich, the capital of the Land of Bavaria, in the public gallery.
We wish to make it clear that freedom of religious organisation is a fundamental civil right, which cannot be undermined, curbed or jeopardised, which would be the effect of some of the amendments before us.
Posturing is easy.
Mr President, our rapporteur, Mrs Buitenweg, deserves a huge pat on the back for her excellent report and the skilful manner in which she has led the consultation and negotiations.
We cannot say what the exact state of affairs is at the moment as there is a complete media blackout in force as part of a set of new restrictive laws introduced in May.
However, in the newly added case of deepwater rose shrimp, the carapace length of 24 millimetres seems excessive and could cause problems for fishermen.
There are fifteen people there in military uniform who have taken over one end of the coffee bar and are holding some kind of meeting there.
This particular company has transported thousands of my visitors here in the past ten years.
We have witnessed their pain and we have seen that terrorists do not of course only hurt those they attack; they also in essence murder all those around them.
The case concerns a demonstration mounted by Mr Brie and supporters in September 1998 when he, with eight others, unrolled and exhibited a placard at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin protesting against the gap in society between the haves and the have-nots.
This also involves those cases where words were accompanied by actions, such as when a stone was thrown and acid sprayed at the President of the United States.
The terms 'light' , 'ultra light' , 'low-tar' and such like, are incorrect.
Hence my proposal to draw a distinction in the directive between pipe and cigar tobacco with regard to the size (a smaller percentage) and colour of the warnings (namely not black and white but also to allow contrasting colours).
This, however, is the start of the sideslip into lack of realism, self-righteousness and fundamentalism.
This is not how we treat consumers of heroin or cocaine.
And, in comparison with the restrictions we are subject to in the context of mad cow disease, how is it possible that we are doing nothing about the 500 000 smoking-related deaths every year in Europe?
Otherwise labelling is of marginal and temporary impact, whatever the picture, whatever the words, and there is some danger of a cigarette card mentality emerging, with the different messages becoming collector's items.
Specifically, the Spanish and Portuguese outermost regions of the Canaries, the Azores and Madeira are close to the archipelago of Cape Verde, and they all belong to the same geographical area, Macaronesia.
Vodka continues to be drunk as before, and on top of that there is wine. In other words, total consumption is increasing.
The basic regulation stipulates that providers of statistical information shall make use of the combined nomenclature, which comprises more than 10 500 entries, in order to classify goods.
The issues which created the most problems were women' s rights to sex education, free abortion and safe sex in order to protect themselves against HIV and AIDS.
Therefore, as a Portuguese national and a European, I am looking very expectantly to the Feira European Council to ensure that this summit is not just an obligation in the calendar or a transition point.
It therefore makes sense that the European Parliament, which has always regarded itself as the patron saint of democracy in Latin America and elsewhere, should express its views on this.
Nuts and locust beans
At the beginning of the 1990s, there was a great scandal in Italy because a leak from the Ministry of the Interior and the Ministry of Health revealed that they were hiding the real overdose mortality rate. Obviously, it is more convenient for politicians and governments to say that a young man has died in the street from a heart attack than to acknowledge that his death was caused by an overdose, and the same applies to policy-making.
The tragic deaths of these men and women who, like the two young Guinean men who died last year in the landing gear of a European plane, were investing their every hope in Europe, cannot fail to move us deeply.
However, we must concede that, institutionally, the Union is in a rut. At the same time, certain parties responsible for European policy are voicing various ideas in the press which the citizens of Europe can follow, but without the opportunity to take part in any debate.
The suggested extension of the directive to a new swathe of businesses and professions looks on the face of it to be both dangerous and burdensome: dangerous in that there might be a threat to the privileged lawyer/client relationship which is the linchpin of access to justice in a civil society, and burdensome because in theory this directive would now extend to your local high street jeweller.
That is why we in the European People's Party support the fact that this directive extends the list of predicate offences to all areas of organised crime from which these proceeds are derived, and extends the scope to cover the professions and businesses which are abused or which may specifically be involved.
In particular the interim Political and Security Committee, intended to replace the Political Committee, should gradually become the mainspring of the CFSP, supporting and with the support of Mr Javier Solana.
On this basis, union, according to the old adage of strength through unity, is the only way to safeguard these cultures and identities in future when confronted with the multipolar world which is developing today and which is universally in evidence.
At the same time we openly admit that the EU cannot dash about the world paternally handing out advice to others from on high. It is a matter of dialogue.
Fourteen Kurds died of asphyxiation in the hold of a burning ship in Patras.
Nationals of third countries have seen their movement littered with traps, as a result of the Schengen agreement and the mirage of zero immigration.
In a case which is so typical, the best possible response we can provide is to combat illegal immigration and particularly the mafia-type organisations behind this new form of trafficking in human beings.
Listening to your speech, I have the feeling that I have been invited not to a Parliamentary sitting, but to a rather posh get-together.
This is almost a carbon copy of the procedure for the 2000 budget.
I would like to think that the Council, were they to receive a proposal from the Commission, would behave emphatically in support of digital radio.
That is to say, the Commission is using Europeans' money to manipulate Europeans.
It has been established from and confirmed by numerous sources that this wholesale bugging of all telephone signals has had considerable economic and commercial repercussions, to the detriment of European companies such as Alcatel or Airbus, which have lost huge contracts to American multinationals privy to privileged information obtained fraudulently and illegally.
We would only dare call the snake pit of unaccountable monopolies which find it easy to spring up, spread and act with impunity in cyberspace 'safe harbours' euphemistically.
Only those people who have no ideas never change their ideas, so it would be bizarre if the Commission had no room for manoeuvre.
This deal does not involve a decree from the gentlemen of the Committee of Permanent Representatives, who have no say; they must simply declare their acceptance of the sound parliamentary proposals.
In this respect, the cellular, segmented organisation of the European territory must be retained and, in a way, improved.
Apart from this, I would like to call strongly for there to be focus in the future not only on the air inhaled by the citizens, but also on the air inhaled by those who work with dangerous substances such as benzene and carbon monoxide.
From this House, we urgently request that the British Government immediately remove this machine from the bay and repair it in England, where we suppose that they will at least have the appropriate facilities to do so.
The beleaguered inhabitants of Fiji are looking to the European Union, which they see as the beacon of democracy and racial equality, to come to their aid.
In the Solomon Islands, a sham parliamentary vote brought a new Prime Minister to power, elected by the power of the gun.
The Oil for Food programme stipulates that any imported goods must be screened by the exemption committee; million dollar contracts are delayed for years for fear that the goods may have a dual use: medicines, spare parts, medical equipment and graphite-tipped pencils are all prevented from entering the country.
Accordingly Parliament calls for this sector to be treated with the necessary flexibility, thus enabling this sector to acquire a better position in terms of affordability.
The mode of transport we are discussing here, short sea shipping, has the reputation of being a mode of transport which can counter the negative effects of the transport sector, especially in terms of the space occupied and environmental pollution, in more than one way.
It was obvious that a reservoir containing such a large quantity of dangerous products near to a natural park such as Doñana could cause an accident at any time.
We should simply supplement the 15 diplomatic corps with another, more or less competent corps, made up of European Union officials or, as is the case today precisely in Commissioner Patten' s entourage, national diplomats, possibly including more representatives from some countries than others.
It must be possible for such training to take place as, for example, in-service or on the job training.
Similarly, the recent decision to make nevirapine, an antiretroviral molecule effective in the prevention of mother-child transmission, freely available adds credibility to that agreement, because it proves that this is not just an announcement, and the pharmaceutical industry really can take practical action.
The action plan for Albania to which you refer is a High Level Working Group on Asylum and Migration action plan for Albania and the neighbouring region, adopted by the General Affairs Council on 13 and 14 June this year, intended, in effect, to define and coordinate European Union resources with a view to responding to the problems of asylum and migration in Albania and the neighbouring countries and, as such, it is not intended to promote the rights of any particular minority.
They then removed the fish from the lorries and sprayed it with diesel oil or similar products in order to damage it permanently, while uttering threats.
And it is also no coincidence that Mr Blair also proposed free distribution of set top boxes, perceiving that this would benefit both the economy and the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
As Mr Veltroni is aware, there is a 50-year-old battle going on in Italy between the liberals, Sturzo and Ernesto Rossi, and those who want to continue with cinema subsidies.
The digital revolution will open up many new ways of exploiting audiovisual works: video on demand via the Internet, for example.
I have asked the Ministers for Education, each in their own country, to take the necessary steps to grant supplements and advantages for Erasmus students in order to offer those who are not fortunate enough to have a benevolent father or generous grandmother the chance to travel too.
This is not the gunfight at the OK Corral: This is not about being the first to draw.
The Socialists are unhappy with this type of vote, which looks more like Russian roulette than serious parliamentary work.
The arbitrary distinction between reproductive and non-reproductive cloning is semantic sleight of hand.
The arrangements introduced will clear the way for a list of priority substances to be gradually drawn up every 4 years, that is, priority substances which must be reduced in quantity, and priority hazardous substances, which must purely and simply be eliminated.
In my opinion, trying to safeguard the environment by simply slowing down growth in the aeronautical sector and the air industry is not a valid option.
Any other course of action would be a waste of resources, because it would take on average three to four years to develop a new tyre model.
I think the exclusion of oriental carpets is marvellous, as I believe it is good that flexibility in favour of art and beauty is entering into the spirit of a legislative machine that often forgets small details.
This afternoon I shall be meeting with FIFA officials and a delegation from the national leagues.
In fact, the first death from doping took place in 1896, when a cyclist took drugs.
It would be useful if pharmaceutical products could be labelled with a 'doping-safe' logo and a warning, and we would also welcome a more pro-active preventive policy.
Mr President, Commissioner, Madam Minister, I am speaking on the Zabell and Mennea reports today in my dual role as a Member of the European Parliament and as president of a professional basketball club which takes part in the major European competitions.
On the question of heavy metals, the Council and Parliament have agreed that vehicles put on the market after 1 July 2003 should no longer contain heavy metals such as cadmium, lead or hexavalent chromium.
Many cities give bicycles and trains more space and restrict the freedom of cars.
Science has always had two sides to it: it has always been the case that discoveries can be used for our benefit or against us: the wheel can be used to move us around more quickly or to kill people; revolvers can be used to defend or murder people; atomic energy can improve our lives or make atomic bombs.
I remember his time as a great sprinter, and I was delighted that someone from a European country was able to end American dominance of the sport.
To speed up dismantling, the Community is supporting the design, construction, and licensing of a transport and storage tank for damaged spent fuel produced in the operation of nuclear submarines and icebreakers and currently stored under primitive conditions.
Burma, the world' s second-largest drug-producing country, after Colombia, has dismantled its own parliament, has had numerous parliamentarians killed and imprisoned in the process, and forces its minorities into slave labour, especially in the construction of infrastructure.
In addition, there has been another massacre in the rural community La Unión, the third in three years.
We have been crying for a land register for a long time now, especially a forest register and forest maps, which need to be supported as a matter of priority over everything else and, of course, any other development and investment measures which boost the development of forests as forests rather than a commodity and which enable people who live off the forest to stay there.
Much attention was paid to hardware in it, but little to that software which we call training software.
Commissioner, you also stated that we should respond as a united front but we now see that every country has caught  the French flu  .
The European Union must leave the latter free to exercise their sovereignty in making judicious strategy choices when it comes to energy savings, supplementary forms of renewable energy, the redistribution of freight to the railways and rivers and the development of public transport and the opening up of rural areas.
I therefore believe that even demonstrations are onto a loser, because you can only squeeze so much juice from a lemon.
Another piece of this jigsaw is the decision that we have adopted today, to propose a directive on minimum standards for a common asylum procedure, and another piece is the preparatory technical work on the Eurodac system, which has not stood still, but is continuing. This work can, of course, only be carried out when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
We have got to move on with it and nowhere is this more clearly seen than in the debate we have had about the so-called directed website. Such a thing is a contradiction in terms since the Net is a shop window at every terminal link to the network and, to argue in some contrived way, that a site can be directed at some and not others is linguistically facile, commercially nonsensical and technologically illiterate.
I would also ask the Council and the Commission to still take time to reflect whether it would be worth considering this charge-back mechanism, which Mrs de Palacio mentioned again in her amendment to the report.
We have the appalling example of the gold mines in French Guiana, which are laying waste to vast swathes of forest, causing the death of the flora, fauna and the indigenous peoples, which are all suffering from the mercury contaminating their soil, their sap or their bloodstream. This is a phenomenon that is continuing on a daily basis.
The elderly are used to writing by hand - in beautiful script - wherever possible, and they are used to traditional filing systems and are afraid that the storing of all their personal data in public pensions institutions will one day lead to some electronic initiative being taken against them, resulting in the reduced protection of their specific civil rights.
Minister Moscovici, surely it is a little comical for the Heads of State and Government to wish to proclaim rights of defence against the State.
The negotiating side of things has hitherto proved disappointing and yielded negative results: to our knowledge, on not one point in the total 75 cases of unanimous voting has total agreement been reached, and in Italy, for the first time, a recent survey has shown that, in one of the largest regions, the North East, Europe is falling out of favour.
Mr Prodi has put an emphatic stop to this kind of action, which has hopefully resonated with Mr Moscovici, and I truly hope that this trend can be broken and reversed at the Councils in Nice and Biarritz.
We all applaud Romania for the Olympic gold, silver and bronze medals it has won in the last fortnight.
It is important that it should not just become a flag of convenience and that all measures prescribed in the acquis are taken to ensure that safety is writ large.
It might simply mean lowering a light switch by a metre but, for the wheelchair user it makes the difference between a job or no job.
In my own country I would need a licence to own a shotgun but not to set up as an arms broker in my garden shed.
Subject: Maryam Arubi sentenced to death by stoning for adultery Is the Commission aware that Maryam Arubi (30), found guilty of adultery, was sentenced to death by stoning under the Iranian penal code based on the Islamic sharia?
Not much; children usually know how to handle it better than adults, which means we really must think very seriously about how to remedy this situation.
After all, the experiences which these people gather contribute to a broader understanding of European cultures, they enhance professional experience and the command of languages, encourage familiarity with the European patrimony and increase the chances of finding employment.
Building a common customs system has been one of the major achievements in that progress towards European construction.
That is most certainly true of the amendment which proposes that this directive should end the sexually discriminatory practice of stipulating that only male personnel can wear a tie.
I know that the transition from fighting to peacekeeping requires troops who are capable, not of unleashing violence from their weapons in the conquest of an objective, but of controlling that violence.
Mr President, these days, we cannot talk about Croatia without seeing it in the context of its neighbour Serbia, where the people are now finally throwing off the yoke of the authoritarian government clique.
A rotation system of this kind would lead to a serious weakening of the Commission' s position and that is exactly what we want to avoid.
The danger, however, is that reinforced cooperation will break up the unity of Europe through the back door, resulting in a patchwork of intergovernmental cooperation.
If we want to improve - and that is our aim where the performance reserve is concerned - then of course we will need those posts.
Ladies and gentlemen, I do not want to see Europe remain a political dwarf and I certainly do not want another war in the Western Balkans, at less than 1 500 km from here.
I would like to remind you of one that occurred in Spain, the rape seed oil scandal - the consequences of which are still apparent now, after more than 20 years - but also the BSE scandal, the dioxin scandal and the latest worrying scandal in the United States regarding the release, for use in food products, of transgenic sweetcorn that would seem to be unsuitable for consumption.
In other words, among those sitting round the table of the common European home, some would eat à la carte while others would get the dish of the day.
In particular we are envisaging shipping in diesel and heating fuel, both to keep the power plants running and to fuel district heating plants.
Mr President, Commissioner, I am very pleased that the debate on climatic change in Europe and throughout the world has given us the opportunity to recall the cyclone that struck a large part of Europe.
Finally, regarding international cooperation and information exchange, the Commission is organising a workshop on endocrine disrupters in the first half of 2001 with the sponsorship of the World Health Organisation among others.
There has been a fishing spree across the world touching everywhere, the Irish Sea being no exception, and the results are devastating.
It has proposed a minor restriction on the great 'help yourself' buffet table that the scheme has been to date.
The objective must be to establish one single payment area, where cross-border payments are subject to the same conditions and accompanied by the same costs as domestic transactions.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we all carry our own list of recurrent disappointments we can do nothing about in our heads, but it is a good thing to have a moan about them from time to time just to show that we do not accept the situation and that impotence does not always rhyme with indifference, not yet anyway.
In Berlin, the Albanians were almost brushed aside from the table - their views were not taken into account - and in the twentieth century, they have suffered greatly under one of the most terrible ideologies of the twentieth century, namely under socialism and communism in a particularly brutal manifestation.
I say in the European Union and not just in two of its constituent parts, as some Members have insinuated: European solidarity must be more than empty words or just a one-dimensional idea that simply evaporates when the problems happen to be concentrated chiefly in Portugal and Spain...
Mr President, I rise to give my voice to this injustice that we have heard about, an injustice, as we have also heard, that has been going on now for 12 years.
I can only say that, as a result, the Council did admittedly make a big show of cooperating, but the bulk of the amendments tabled by us and adopted here in this House by a very large majority were not accepted.
I nonetheless assume, not least with a view to my hobbyhorse of fisheries, that we will put pressure on all three of them together so that we can guarantee positive developments in the future.
At this time when debate in the institutions of Europe is being undertaken concomitantly with the Charter being adopted, all those men and women who, like myself, would like a European constitution and consider that this Charter may serve as the bare bones for the preamble to such a constitution should demand that the European Parliament be enabled to vote on the content, as part of its normal parliamentary business, which is basically deliberative.
Turkey also needs to take on board environmental considerations, particularly in schemes such as the construction of major dams, which will necessarily have an impact on the water systems of neighbouring countries.
In fact two concrete proposals have been adopted, notably the round table on globalisation and the duo fellowship programme, 4300 fellowships amounting to a total cost of USD 25 million.
The attitude of the Member States of the EU towards immigrants from these and other countries, making many of them feel insecure and at risk of deportation, failing to grant them equal rights with other workers, and maintaining ghettos of second-class citizens and victims of a modern slave trade is a typical example of this conduct.
I have to say, even, that I am rather taken over by the subject for, to my eyes, Mr President, you resemble a chief physician, with a white coat, stethoscope and hammer to test the patient's reflexes.
Moreover, the marketing of beef from a herd found to be harbouring a clinical case of BSE ignited public fears over the adequacy of controls to protect public health.
I regard it as essential to set up a reflection group at European level with representatives of the NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament taking part in an annual round table.
As a feminist and a pacifist who is involved, together with other women, in building relations and bridges of peace in places of conflict, I have found that this report contains the wealth of experience gained from many peace-building projects carried out by women in recent years. Peace is more than the absence of war: it is recognition of economic and social justice.
We see a country whose people are becoming more liberal whilst the powers that be are old men who cling for dear life to old ways.
Hanoi has been particularly alarmed by the unexpectedly rapid growth of Protestant Christianity under the Hmong minority in the country' s mountainous north-western provinces, and this has prompted it to instigate cruel repressive measures.
The documents that have come to light are nothing less than a smoking gun.
I endorse the criteria of greater prudence adopted, but other aspects of the matter must also be taken into consideration, particularly the solvency ratio, which is a weighting factor according to the type of counter-party used to estimate the credit risk associated with a bank's assets.
I can assure my Irish colleagues that the vignette proposal is being made in full cognisance of the euro-vignette directive and is likely to be along similar lines to those already in place, as Commissioner Vitorino explained, in many of the present Member States of the European Union.
We have learned from past experience and are still learning, especially in the Balkans, that thanks to their historical experience, with all the many conflicts, thanks to their understanding of the subtle and at times tough nature of confrontations between communities, the Europeans can develop a savoir-faire and methods of conflict management that are worthy of it and worthy of respect.
Commissioner, we have a directive for end-of-life vehicles.
So a country' s defensive army did not have any tasks beyond the territory of the state that had established it.
It is the most readily available product in the European Union, but we know more about the contents of a pot of jam and the ingredients of cola than we do about the average cigarette.
History teaches us that it is dangerous to regard the goal - however noble and virtuous - as superior to the agreed rules.
Nonetheless, I should like expressly to agree with Mr Colom i Naval, who said earlier that the financial perspective has become more and more of a straightjacket, preventing any real planning, any real long-term planning.
The decision-making process in the Council is to become more complicated, at the same time as it is to become more difficult to take decisions.
Thanks to Nice, the institutional barrier can no longer be invoked.
There are fears that the number of HIV-positive cases will rise in the next few years to close on 600 000, and the disease is also beginning to hit young people hard.
On the other hand, there is reason to hope the Russian Federation will also consider decentralising the power of decision and the issue of internal differentiation, allowing the possibility of abolishing borders.
It is peaceful there and soldiers are not needed to guard the pipeline.
One last word: I believe that there is reason for cautious optimism as regards our long-term relationship with Indonesia, but we - that is the European Union with all our institutions - need to keep up our support.
So I hope our UK colleagues will not show the same national tendency to block progress that we saw in Nice but that this Parliament will adopt a forward-looking European directive on the art market.
Let us therefore remain as firmly committed to the particular cultivation method we favour as the Americans are to their protectionist system where sugar, tobacco, peanuts or dairy products are concerned.
Finally, as if all the better to emphasise the ridiculous dispossession of the representatives of universal suffrage, the report charges the President of the European Parliament with forwarding its proposals to an Intergovernmental Conference which will already be at an end when this vote is taken.
Would the site be blocked or would we prosecute the users who continued to download files from offshore sites?
In my opinion, reading the morning paper in a street café is quite different from reading it on the Internet where you work.
Coke-using industry employs a total of 70 000 people, but this product represents only a very marginal portion of its costs, in the region of 2%.
The boy has a gluten allergy and really struggles with his diet.
How closely the safety of our food is linked to the feed eaten by livestock has been demonstrated by recent scandals, from dioxins and waste oil in feed mixes to the manufacture of animal and bone meal, which, as we all know, can be a good source of protein if special manufacturing methods are used.
This naturally produced an utter shambles, which prompted a majority of the committee members, quite rightly, to reject this half-baked document. For that reason, the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs was unable to formulate an opinion.
Meanwhile, the pirates, to put it in realistic, if pejorative, terms, have the advantage within this competitive world.
Let us please be realistic about the notion of lifting this submarine, waiting for weather conditions to be favourable and somehow transporting it back to the UK.
It is worth recalling the objective of the UNESCO Convention, which is to protect heritage and not to enter it on a heritage list.
Because of pressure from numerous organisations, the question of electricity pylons on the Cyclades islands was taken to the Privy Council, the Supreme Administrative Court in Greece, which broke new ground in its judgment and recognised, yet again, the value of the beauty of the landscape on these islands.
As someone who is not a great fan of the European single currency and certainly not his country's entry into it, I had a dilemma with this report.
I should add that I asked the Commission back in August about a particular comment in the report, which stated that in August there would be some feedback from SMEs about their response to the project.
Also, are you aware that they depend on annual funding which means that they cannot make long-term planning of the kind that you suggested now, so it is important that the Commission looks at these issues.
Since the Union as a whole is a world-class fishing power and one of the largest markets for fish produce, it must claim and adopt a role that matches its importance in international organisations and specifically in regional fishing organisations.
A sensible, multiannual cod recovery plan embracing realistic technical conservation measures, the closure of cod spawning grounds and the decommissioning of the larger new fishing vessels will surely be more sensible than the pursuit of a plan which would allow industrial fishing to continue in vast restricted zones and which would potentially lead to the bankruptcy of half the Scottish fleet.
Finally, objections could be raised to the increase in the volume of information sent to the European Parliament, even through the consultation procedure alone, but, since we hope that the list of topics subject to codecision will be extended, we feel that, in specific cases of geographical or political importance, the Commission must not hold back from informing Parliament.
We spend almost DEM 100 billion of our petty cash on agriculture every year.
The many people who have disappeared include former Interior Minister Yuriy Zakharenko, former Deputy Chairman Victor Gonchar, and the Russian film-maker, Dmitriy Zavadskiy.
In addition, the cabin crew directive should now be incorporated into this regulation.
This Chamber reacts with sensitivity to all the events taking place around the world, but we do not give sufficient attention to the Grim Reaper at work on the roads of Europe.
A car in a garage is completely harmless, but when it is being used wrongly it is like a deadly weapon.
We are waiting for what is called the 'ketchup effect' .
It is not surprising therefore that following Pol Pot's death and the defeat of the Khmer Rouge, there should be a need for some kind of national catharsis through the application of justice and a calling to account of those responsible.
The southern Caucasus is effectively caught in the pincer grip of regional powers - Russia and Turkey, of conflicts of interest, and hence related military conflicts, from the Nagorno Karabakh plateau to the mountains of Chechnya, or the regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Failure to establish an effective, solid barrier blocking all that works against legality or the laws of democracy can only exacerbate division, annoyance and even violence once again, which would cancel out all the effort put in and undo any progress made in dialogue thus far.
Yet, the way that political Europe currently operates automatically rules out the geo-political approach since, as there is no definition of what constitutes Europe' s common interest - by which I mean a European res publica - it still favours, after all the usual free-for-alls, the law of the jungle, allowing the strongest at any given time to make the rest of the 15 support its strategic choices, even if it has to shove them down their throats.
The mother had left the village of Antis at 5 p.m. and arrived at Ramallah hospital at 8.30 p.m. The journey should have taken 40 minutes.
This is the problem: when there are 100, 150 kilometres of territory to cross, one more kilometre conceded might, in effect, represent one more trench to fight from in a war sparked off by an unfair peace agreement.
Mr President, I do not care which side fires the bullets: whether they are fired by Israelis, Iraquis or Turks, it is the duty of the European Union to condemn the killing of children.
But consider this: those who have lived for over 35 years in a refugee camp of tin sheds, with sacking over windows and doors and no form of infrastructure, will have little faith in negotiations, especially when these same negotiations have dragged on for seven years now to no avail, and not even UN resolutions are recognised.
So this is all déjà vu to some extent and I can only hope that you have the strength and nerve to stay on course, in the sure knowledge that this will not be easy.
How can we possibly justify a delay of a year and a half in the adjustment and adaptation of the annexes in circumstances where a scientific committee may have advised the Commission to add for instance a further hormone to the list of annexes?
For, in this respect, we are well aware that the main purpose of the aid that is granted by both the European Union and the IMF is to create favourable conditions for investments by the bourgeois classes of the imperialist powers.
I would ask you, instead of speaking to us in very general terms, to put forward a specific proposal in this context of reflection on the debate, in which the Commission, on the basis of the work by the University Institute of Florence, proposes treaties that are simplified, simple and comprehensible. We need proposals that will save President Havel from having a suitcase full of treaties, protocols and annexes in his office.
Already, there have been too many delays in governments' interventions after the first reports, many years ago, of mad cow disease, gelatine-coated beef, and dioxins in chickens, in short, in respect of all the food frauds which have been shown to be not only commercial swindles but environmental and health time-bombs.
I also believe that a government needs at times to be pedantic, at times tedious: we try to be both as little as possible but it is part of the job.
I am speaking in favour of this because I believe that rail has a key role to play in solving the mobility problems facing the European Union.
The directive also penalises consumers because it is quite possible that consumers will have to pay once when they buy a CD or a DVD and then again in the form of a levy.
And then I ask you: are you going to operate the guillotine - will you make it a rule that holdings with more than 90 animals will not get any subsidies?
Mr President, I have already pointed out why only organic farms can be considered for planting clover or clover grass. By the way, I am sure that Lucerne is also included, I see no problem with that.
In Britain, Ireland and elsewhere we have not gone down the route of some of our fellow Member States, which is to take the recommended minimum daily allowance that was set by the American Government in 1943 to ensure that GIs serving in Europe did not suffer from scurvy and beri beri, and to treat that as the basis for maximum intake before classification as a pharmaceutical.
But as we negotiate the final outcome I say to Parliament and the Commission that even a raised kerb at every bus stop can never be the full access solution.
What would be the result of this Austrian footballing analogy, I wonder? Which side will score?
After the phrase,  their own past archive productions produced or commissioned  should be added,  no later than December 1996  . Then it goes on,  by them under their own editorial control  .
These are not 'giant' centres of excellence.
Once again we have been served a balanced menu which is nothing of the sort.
Madam President, as an explanation of the EU' s serious reprimand to Ireland, Mr Prodi expressed the opinion that we must also be able to punish the best pupil in the class.
A great deal of work has been necessary for us to reach this point, and so, before I say anything else, I would like to thank Neil Kinnock and his staff for the huge amount of work they have put into the laborious preparation of these documents.
In that regard, in my own country, would he particularly acknowledge the responsible and unselfish act of the new leader of Fine Gael in scaling down its Àrd Fheis to a Dublin conference to contribute to ensuring that there is no major problem in Ireland?
Finally, I would like to turn my attention to the regulation of the APIs and the EPGs and other accompanying facilities in accordance with the procedure of a regulatory committee.
To speak of tuna in the North Atlantic, however, necessarily requires us also to take account of the situation in other regions, such as the autonomous region of the Azores, for example, where in 2000, we have just experienced a second year with almost no tuna catches at all.
Mr Patten has stolen a march upon us this morning by suggesting a line of thought we might pursue concerning the way in which we should proceed, and I should like to ask the Council of Ministers whether it thinks that an embargo is or is not essential in order to achieve the objective - which my political group shares one hundred per cent - of preventing Iraq from acquiring weapons of mass destruction.
We should take into account that the other party we are dealing with ranks fourth in the world in these fields. It also has great potential for growth.
I shall have to give up spaghetti with tuna, which I used to like very much, but I call on myself and the pensioners who listen to me not to eat any more tuna for a while, until such time as the technical means is found to avoid catching juvenile baby tuna along with adult tuna, because they too have a right to life.
For example, structural funding for rural development belongs in the green box and thus ceases to be the subject of wrangling within the WTO.
It makes a mockery of sound financial management.
How do you think a competitor feels who has just recovered from a serious illness and is sent into the boxing ring?
This is an opponent who already habitually hits below the belt, while the referee looks on indifferently and the judges argue about what the drug-taker's illegal punches are worth - full or half points!
However, the carrier may also be a taxi driver who picks up people in Sangatte or the centre of Calais, for example, and takes them over the border.
With regard to your comment on teachers and pupils, there was a brilliant Neapolitan man of the theatre - he was Neapolitan but also Italian and European - who used to say that you can never say you have taken your last exam.
It promotes the added use of wood in power plants, as combined combustion improves the way the combustion process can be controlled, reduces problems of corrosion, and adds to the reliability of fuel being available.
It may be that Member States have cards up their sleeves which they are prepared to offer up if pushed in conciliation.
Delaying this directive and embarking on a course of prolonged conciliation, the poker game which someone mentioned, would certainly be the worst alternative from the point of view of the environment.
Essentially, we are looking for some shape of strategy and for key issues requiring a political input, so that we can then leave the technical side to the Commission.
Who can explain to me to what extent Secretaries of State, working under the direction of their respective ministries, will be able to legislate more quickly than the ECOFIN Council?
I noticed when I travelled into Europe the other day there were no disinfectant mats, there were no bloodhounds checking whether I had a ham sandwich in my pocket, no questions.
I do not know whether it is possible to extend the venture by opening a chat room as well, as suggested by Mr Rübig.
In this respect I must remind you of a famous saying that 'a camel is a horse drawn by a committee' , with many humps, and Community legislation is camel-like.
The highly-charged battle surrounding President Kuchma' s direct involvement in the sinister murder of the journalist Gongadze is threatening to thwart the undeniable reform course of the Yushchenko government.
On the German-Dutch border the European Commission has rightly cut off the flow of EU funds because of the threat to the hamster population.
This letter is too bogged down in rather hollow rhetoric on opportunities, whereas Purvis rightly speaks up for the small and medium-sized business that is so important to Europe.
The observers concerned were quick to point out that this indignation was rather late in coming and that it could have been voiced when the Taliban took power because of the archaic and barbaric regime which they established in defiance of the most basic rights of the Afghan people.
Do you not think that parachuting food into these areas could and should be considered?
But under the expert, dictatorial rod of iron, all these tensions remained under the surface, and they are now all of a sudden erupting with a vengeance.
For how long will the toothpaste still taste good and for how long will the perfume or the skin cream remain safe to use and not turn rancid?
It is not PVC, but particularly vegetable, fruit and garden waste which is generating the chlorine compounds.
Thirdly, I think that we should deploy the discharge tool, which this Parliament has at its disposal, selectively. Instead of wielding the axe, as is sometimes referred to in this Parliament, we should use Mr Blak' s surgical filleting knife, which will yield us more results.
The Commission' s action aims, over the long term, to stimulate the coordination of research undertaken at different levels by using the unifying effect of the instruments provided for in the framework programme and is perfectly in line with the agreements of the World Trade Organisation, the research actions sought being very competitive in nature.
To replace animal meal in feedingstuffs for pigs and poultry, primary consideration will be given to soya meal, then rapeseed and sunflower meal, peas, beans and sweet lupins. Cereals are also taken into account even though the protein content of cereals is relatively low.
This would cause problems, however, for business people, especially from small and medium-sized businesses, who, for obvious reasons of security, deposit their day' s takings in the safe-deposit box of their bank after the banks have closed.
The conclusion is that this proposal is really worse than nothing.
And there is clearly more than that: Macedonia appears to be the centre of the mess in the Balkans. It is a nation with an irrational streak, with some citizens who are pro-Bulgarian, others who are pro-Serbian, with a large section that identifies itself with the Republic of Macedonia established by Tito, and with a large Albanian minority.
At the same time, this violent clash between Albanian guerrilla fighters and a Macedonian elite patrol raises fresh questions concerning the effectiveness of the international military presence on both sides of the Kosovar-Macedonian border.
Even if someone is prepared to pay for the equipment - which does not cost a great amount, but costs approximately the same as a PC - it is not practically possible.
I do not personally think that in Amendment No 7 where there is a proposal that we have to have an absolutely universal system of ISO standard microchips, that you can expect all animals fitted with a chip to be of that universal variety in the early stages.
It does pride itself on the presence of Albanian ministers, but does not ensure collective equality as it is in place in Belgium and Switzerland.
The method used should be the 'bottom-up' method. In other words, though policy decisions have to be taken somewhere, they have to be implemented, not from the top downwards, but rather at grass-roots level.
It is still bizarre to me that nickel is included on this list and that our approach to families of chemicals has unfairly targeted fluoranthene alongside the other PAHs.
This has made me a little hostile towards new technologies.
France and Spain report growing problems of adolescent drunkenness, associated with fights, violence, truancy, theft and illegal drugs.
Warnings printed on labels, extending to comparisons such as 'one glass of brandy equals three glasses of beer' , if I understood Mrs Stihler' s amendment correctly, would serve little purpose, in my opinion.
I therefore ask the House to refrain from any attempt to lump these three very important issues together in this report.
We also need to look carefully at the sports grounds restrictions that are suggested, because there is a huge difference between a ninety-minute football match - give or take the half-time break - and many clubs of course ban alcohol in their grounds, and the all-day cricket match with the lunch and tea intervals.
I would simply like to say that, on the day after elections were held in the Basque country, in which the great majority of Basque people renounced violence, this latest attack on the freedom of expression has achieved nothing, other than to disgust us and arouse our deep concern.
The Commission is also financing a project in Benin that aims to strengthen a brigade for the protection of minors to foster more effective implementation of legislation and to raise public awareness on this issue.
At the helm you should not spin the wheel widely from side-to-side, but adjust the course with small, but well-measured turns.
Now that this interventionist approach is being reviewed, we are beginning to agree with the Commission and the strategic direction of its document  New impulse for EU-US Relations  .
We have acted in concert and made good progress in the fight against serious cross-border crime.
There is also a strong cultural demand in this region for the Amazigh language and culture to be respected, especially since the Berber Spring in 1980.
Ethiopia is being governed by people originating from the resistance movement. At times, they still display characteristics of a certain 'bush' mentality and find it difficult to share power with others, as it were.
I hope that you might take this sticker with you when you present your proposals and when you vote on them with your colleagues and the other members of Union governments.
Mr President, I remember that at a very early stage, even before the Action Programme was before us, we had a talk with the Commissioner, during which we made it clear that the sixth environment action programme should be a brief document, taking the form of a pamphlet, with clear priorities and objectives.
In my view, however, we could have been more specific, more to the point, and more precise.
We also want the Commission, in partnership with the automotive industry, to develop safer and more user-friendly systems for air bags.
We sometimes think that we are in the vanguard, but the truth is far from that and a great deal still needs to change.
Yet just think, Mr President, that one of the people elected to the Italian Parliament, who yesterday took part in the first meeting of the Lower House, is an Italian TV presenter, an attractive, pleasant, famous woman, Gabriella Carlucci - who is now Gabriella Carlucci MP - who has jumped off a crane with an elastic cord tied to her feet.
The issue we are now dealing with, the exploitation of children, which pervades all societies from the most to the least developed, needs to be dealt with through legislation, as we are now doing, but also in general sociological and societal development terms.
In the case in question, it is a matter of initiating proceedings to examine whether, in a dispute between Pernod/Ricard and Bacardi, a primarily Euro-Cuban holding and a primarily U.S.-European corporation, the EU is entitled to lend support as it sees fit.
A billionaire will pay tax at exactly the same rate as an employee earning the lowest income.
The issue of silicone gel breast implants is a sensitive one and this debate, as many have said this evening, is long overdue.
The 1996 conventions on compensation of damage caused by the transport by sea of noxious and hazardous substances and the 2001 convention, known as the Bunker Convention, on civil liability for pollution damage caused by bunker oil, have not been implemented, or indeed ratified.
It should be emphasised that the crisis did not turn at any time into a widespread mutiny and remained essentially confined to military operations.
It seems to me that we must not impose our own models and concepts and condemn certain attitudes out of hand. We must instead analyse, understand and support without, for all that, tolerating the unacceptable.
There he stood, humbly, a Jewish yarmulke on his head, in front of the monument to the (fictitious!) holocaust of the Jews.
The Sikh and Hindu minorities will be required to wear a yellow identification sign on their clothes.
Mr President, in order to obtain as broad a consensus and as broad an agreement as possible, I would suggest that we introduce an oral addendum to replace Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4 as a new No 5a which reads as follows - and I trust you will forgive my poor French, I did not know we had a French-speaking president in the chair:
For consumers in the UK there is an even bigger bonus as a by-product of boosting confidence in crossborder shopping on the Internet.
The Göteborg Summit has shown that the European Union was almost becoming a Forbidden City, as foreign to the people of Europe as the Manchu dynasty to the most remote Mongolian tribes and treating them with just as much contempt.
The end of the Palestinian intifada (uprising) is not yet in sight.
So, as of September, however it may be done - perhaps you could let off a siren at ear-piercing levels - the Commissioner should be heard, like any other speaker in this Chamber, in dignity and silence.
The Yugoslavian Dinar is still legal tender, but it is also the case that the Mark is in circulation and it was recognised as a currency which can operate and the circulation of the euro will clearly not change that situation.
I nevertheless hope that your presidency will come to be even half as popular as a certain well-known royal princess - Mathilde - is in your country.
The governmental agreement therefore needs to be linked to an agreement with the rebels.
. -(NL) As a result of market forces, where the main objective is to find the cheapest rather than the cleanest electricity, we are threatened with a new upsurge of polluting fuels such as nuclear energy, coal, brown coal and oil.
Mr President, let me say - and I am certainly not laying any blame on Mr Wuori here - that it is rather surrealistic to combine human rights and fundamental rights in the same joint debate.
In Belgrade, the police stand by and watch as hooligans attack lesbians and gay people at their gay pride celebration only days after millions of EU dollars were committed to that region and Milosevic was sent to The Hague.
Mr President, liberals around the world have stood and still stand at the barricades in order to fight for freedom of expression and human rights everywhere and for everyone.
I recall that two months ago, I was castigated and accused of being irresponsible when I spoke about the possibility of war in Macedonia. People ignore the facts for as long as they can, because they are too cowardly to tell the truth to the public at home.
For many months, we have courted the KLA, without any decommissioning of arms taking place.
In 1998, a dam collapsed at a mine in Spain, with very serious ecological consequences, and a similar accident occurred in Romania in 2000.
Secondly, I would say that classifying mining waste as waste is very difficult when you consider that large amounts of it are simply crushed rock and quite similar to products that you would get from any quarry in the Union.
However, the point is this: even when they produce such major results, the great international summits do not succeed in communicating with what are known as the Seattle movements and, above all, do not connect with that much deeper, much more widespread, silent demand for security on the lips of the citizens, the submerged base of an iceberg whose tip is represented by the raft of different types of protests.
As yet, there is no proof that the climate change concerning us is not caused by a natural climatic cycle that has been in progress since the beginning of our planet.
Madam President, although I am sure that you will have done so already, seeing as this is our first sitting after the summer I would like to remind all the Members that, a few days after the last part-session in Strasbourg, a tragedy occurred in this city: a huge tree near Parliament fell on some people who were attending a concert and many died, including a number of young people.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to congratulate and thank Mr Menrad for his tenacious and efficient approach to the dossier on employee involvement which has been a stumbling block in negotiations on the Statute for a European Company for several years.
Precisely now, at the most decisive moment when they should be making the final spurt towards the finishing line, when there is most need of enthusiasm and single-mindedness, the Poles, like many others, are starting to have second thoughts and to wonder whether the sacrifices required of them, the supposed costs of accession, will not outweigh the advantages, the potential and future gains.
Subject: Infringement of competition rules in relation to DVD sales The DVD market is characterised by the existence of two different systems in Europe and in the United States and Japan, with the result that European consumers are unable to purchase DVDs from countries belonging to a different zone, where prices appear to be lower and delivery faster.
That means that electricity from brown coal will rise by about 3.5 eurocents and electricity from hard coal will rise by about 3 eurocents.
Mr President, like motherhood and apple pie, no-one could possibly be against safety, especially when it involves aeroplanes.
. The British Conservatives voted in favour of the Watson report in order to send a message that we will give no quarter in the fight against terrorism, and particularly to show solidarity with our colleagues involved in the on-going fight against terrorists, notably ETA.
I wish they would serve Parma ham, spaghetti with pesto from Genoa, polenta from Veneto and sweet-smelling tomatoes from Naples!
It is a question of involving the parliaments and all the citizens, broadcasting the debates on these issues to them live via audiovisual communications and the Internet, opening the doors of these international summits to all citizens and revitalising the democratic model and the rule of law.
I am convinced that if police cooperation had been applied effectively and with respect for individual rights, if free movement were a true right, with the same level of priority as the free movement of capital, if the Charter of Fundamental Rights were in the DNA of all of us, the worst events of Genoa would, perhaps, not have taken place.
I do not think that we should become bogged down in an outmoded position and, at the same time, abolish the possibility of choice without obtaining any added value, for a European opt-in solution would not put an end to spamming, a lot of which originates outside the EU.
We now have a growing phenomenon of so-called data streaming - hacking into computer systems and stealing credit card details in bulk.
Finally, we must remember that the Internet is going mobile. This is starting now with SMS messages.
In this connection, Mr President, I think it is worth mentioning that, even in this institution, far more zeal than usual is displayed in asking one of our German colleagues for her card. It so happens that the lady is of Kurdish descent, with a dark complexion and black eyes and therefore does not look like the average Member.
After more than five years in the pipeline, we have finally voted today on the proposal for a Council directive relating to fruit jams, jellies, marmalades and sweetened chestnut purée.
We would also like to express our profound sadness to the families of the European victims and all those who have lost relatives, whatever their colour or continent of origin, because this diabolical attack was not only directed against the American people, but also against the Europeans and the other people who live together in the cosmopolitan world of New York, and we must remember that the World Trade Centre is just a few steps from the headquarters of the United Nations.
On the harmonisation of the common noise indicators, Lden and Lnight, Amendment No 11 makes the case for the compulsory use of these indicators for acoustical planning and noise zoning, while Amendment No 34 reintroduces the definition of an action plan being 'designed to reduce noise where a limit value in Lden or Lnight is exceeded'.
Then there is no reference to the OCCAT Agreement which actually protects industrial cooperation and is the basis for laws such as Italy' s which make it possible to export arms without infringing human rights rules.
We know that 11% of electricity consumption - between 10 and 15% in other countries - in private households and public sectors - if we add those as well - contributes to power stations being operated completely unnecessarily because there would be other ways of doing it in standby mode.
Noise is not as black as oil, or as acrid as chemical waste; yet it is just as harmful, in condensed form.
Secondly, because revising the Stability Pact would amount to indicating that we wish to pass this burden on to future generations, and that is certainly not a confidence booster. Thirdly, if we relax the budgetary policy enshrined in the Stability Pact we shall prevent interest rates from being lowered, as the Americans are doing.
That Last Mohican of orthodox communism, my colleague Mrs Bordes, could also stop talking about class war in this, the third millennium, and admit that the contribution of each and every European to the economy is important.
In particular I welcome the report's rejection of any attempt to roll-back the e-commerce directive in the area of financial services.
Mr President, a family in a mud hut in rural Africa without access to clean water, electricity, hospital or community centre is simply devastated when it discovers that a member of the family is suffering from any one of the three diseases HIV/AIDS, TB or malaria.
It has been pointed out that the average jogger exceeds the limit by a factor of 7 or 8, while even walking down a road could break the rules.
The financial perspectives are clearly not sufficient and we have a TV-addicted Council of Ministers, that is to say that their external priorities are led by the latest TV headlines.
The fact that there is still no assessment report on the innovative actions in the previous programming period (1994-1999) should ring alarm bells with the budgetary authority.
I would appeal to the Israeli and Palestinian authorities to do everything possible to negotiate a settlement based on the recommendations of the Mitchell report.
We cannot yet, as pop singers would perhaps suggest, 'strut our stuff'.
I expect the Council and Commission to constantly monitor the security situation on the Moluccas where Bin Laden followers are also conducting a jihad against indigenous Christians.
That region, too, is a source of security problems, but anyone who studies the 'map of evil' will realise that the new secondary routes of drugs, arms, illegal immigrants, etc. traverse the Slav Commonwealth.
I have a very good option: I have a filter, I have a delete button.
Does the Commissioner agree with me that it would be a tragedy for Europe if it loses languages such as Scots Gaelic, and Lowland Scots through neglect and that the lesser-used languages deserve greater encouragement than they get now?
I refer to the recent decision which failed to condemn the Porto Marghera petrochemical plant and let the directors of Montedison Enimont get off scot-free, even though they were responsible for the death of 157 workers and the disastrous pollution of the Venice lagoon and the surrounding land, a decision against which the Italian government should appeal.
This kind of tossing the ball back and forth is not acceptable with regard to getting the Members' time schedules organised.
Those who have a holiday flat or even a holiday home are affected by this.
(PT) Despite protests from Portuguese NGOs and myself, the Portuguese government is insisting on adopting an uncompromising approach to the Alqueva project, by preparing to fill the dam to a height of 152m.
It is, of course, better to have a speedboat rather than a rowing boat, as you can go faster in the speedboat, but if you do not know where you are going, you are not at so great an advantage.
A number of extremely clear messages have emerged which the Commission will take into account, for we have the same objectives and there is a harmonious alliance between Parliament and the Commission.
The minister also said to me: we cannot pay; we do not have the money to man all these crossings!
Near Kosicec there is a forty-kilometre long border strip consisting of green fields. We were told that this is very difficult to monitor and that, at present, a very substantial influx of Afghan refugees can be observed there, perhaps not all of whom are entering Europe motivated by peaceful intentions.
It seems that in this House there is a claque supporting Mr Schulz in the public gallery, although in this House, as in all parliaments, members of the public are forbidden to applaud or call out in support of one argument or another.
This is not blackmail, Mr Watson; it is not an Italian caprice, as has been suggested in this House; it is the will of Parliament, which, in 1997, voted for the Roth report, which invited the Member States to carry out a genuine reform of justice in favour of a fair trial.
Mr President, thank you for your response to my explanation of vote on chaining myself to the President' s bench.
Please, before you leave us, can you give me this political Christmas present.
Mr Wiersma suggested it was a Dutch hobby.
As a writer living in an exceptionally troubled area, I must look at this issue of intercultural discourse as a story of attraction and excitement.
There are some seamen who live a good life on board once their shift is finished: for instance, the pursers and deck officers dine in the restaurant with the passengers, drink whisky in the passengers' bar, dance in the ballroom with the female passengers if they are men or male passengers if they are women.
The cartoon turns Mugabe' s major challenger in next year' s presidential elections, Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change, into a downright caricature. He is depicted as the yes-man of rich white farmers in his own country and of Western powers.
They have three functions: armour penetration capability, spraying shards of shrapnel from the casing, and starting a fire.
A famous Bavarian cabaret artist once said after visiting the Bavarian regional parliament, that now he knew what parliamentarianism was: 'Everything has already been said, but not yet by everybody' .
Europe must remain a sparkling diamond with many facets, facets displaying its diversity and its own identity, for only then can the European diamond sparkle in the European firmament.
It is obvious that the neighbours of the Member voting, and who belong to the same group as that Member, can see the screen on the voting machine.
How to provide the European Union project with a well-tuned orchestra, well-tempered, as Mozart said, which is guided by democratic impulses and not by a blast of a bugle like a battalion.
Therefore, the solution to the problem of ozone concentration is extremely complex and simply shutting off the sources that generate precursor agents is not an appropriate measure. An example of this would be closing down a factory chimney that emits smoke, which is a precursor agent of ozone, into the atmosphere.
We must be sufficiently generous of spirit to give those in government the freedom to impose their own rules, something that we shall also continue to do, and to adapt them as they see fit.
I do not support the legalisation of ecstasy, cannabis or other synthetic drugs such as LSD or amphetamines.
This reform is a good illustration of the subversive technique whereby a series of small steps can finally bring about the grand plan.
In this century every shot the US fires will indeed, in the words of the poet Emerson,  ring round the world  and unless you can appeal to, and nurture, a wider concept of American self-interest, then we risk the menace of a new military millennium.
This surrealism, however, is welcome if it can bring us closer to peace and development in the region, not only for Palestine.
You have given the example of the distributor in Amsterdam who could open a branch in London.
First of all I am not against testosterone in trying to achieve some progress in this area.
This will contrast with the past, when Mr Rothley was working on his own and efforts were made just to get a deal done to give a presidency something to their credit at the end of the day.
Mr President, I would like to underline, in my capacity as a member of the Committee on Budgets, that Europe is meant not just to be a payer, but also, and in particular, a player.
As you know better than me, Galileo Galilei, the great Italian scientist, used to study the sky with his telescope from the earth.
Mr President, this report creates a depressing picture of the situation of women in some Mediterranean countries.
It is also urgently necessary to reach a clearer definition of the concept of 'standby duties' , and, above all in view of the judgment of the European Court of Justice, to implement it completely along those lines.
In this respect, the important issue is the composition of this policy mix cocktail.
If it were not for the Americans, we would not even have the little pipeline that passes through Azerbaijan and Georgia.
As things stand, the only prospect is that the powder keg of which Per Gahrton spoke is likely to set off a few more explosions.
From 1 April next, they want to send old, incredibly noisy aircraft with silencers to Europe.
Mr President, as an aside, I should like to inform you that the Irish have just won the first race at the Cheltenham festival.
Mr President, on a point of order, I wanted to announce, before Mrs Emilia Franziska Müller gets started, that the fact that the screen showing the list of names of the speakers has gone wrong may perhaps explain why people might not come to the debate.
It is unreasonable that the Union is demanding that the country's bituminous shale-based production of electric energy, which is unable to compete in a freely competitive market, should swiftly become the object of free competition, while, at the same time, France, and to some extent Germany also, are still, after fifty years, obstructing the liberalisation of their own energy markets.
Mr President, when, on 9 November 1989, we stood in front of our television sets and saw people, intoxicated by the spirit of democracy, hurling themselves over the Berlin Wall, we all felt the pulse of history.
Infant mortality is low, and many of the diseases that a large number of countries in the world are still combating, such as cholera, chickenpox and malaria, have been eradicated.
These good intentions were very welcome, but the outcome of the Barcelona Summit was less so.
The resolution by the European Parliament is a commendation of the anti-grass roots policy of the EU, which is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against it.
Without the development of credible European defence, Europe remains a yapping puppy that is allowed to frolic alongside the American bulldog.
I think of the Israeli mother who would not let her small children travel on the same school bus in case they should all be lost.
Perhaps the supreme example of this thinking is the Eurofighter, an aeroplane which is becoming operative years late, billions of euros over budget, and which is effectively already obsolete.
With this they monitored chat channels for 16 hours. They picked up 48 offenders right across the EU - offenders in positions of trust (teachers and scoutmasters, a foster parent in Germany and a Swedish army sergeant); babies as young as three months had been anally raped.
Is it not the case that Israel had already, and for many years, been a victim of Palestinian terrorism, long before Ariel Sharon had his crazy idea of marching onto Temple Mount as a provocation? Was what we did on such occasions enough?
I take great satisfaction from this, and we shall also pursue this policy because I believe it is absolutely crucial.
Mr President, we are now dealing with a completely different issue and we will have to adapt our mental 'chips' to the new topic.
The system of restricted prerogatives has become an unrestricted supermarket of European policies, an unworkable situation that we want to use the Lamassoure Report to fundamentally change; it is all about making things orderly, systematic and comprehensible.
Whereas in Turkey their language and so on are not, perhaps, sufficiently provided for, in Iraq, though, they would be exterminated, and the same is true of the Shiites and other population groups.
Constitutional guarantees, such as the Muslim marriage law which upholds the traditions of Indian Muslims, are an expression of India's religious freedom and freedom of opinion.
Mr Stockton, thank you very much for your kind remarks concerning the importance of the acting president but I must say I have a shotgun in my house and this will be quite enough.
In Danish shipyards, employees have already begun to be fired on the grounds that it is no longer possible to compete with the huge state subsidies paid by the Koreans.
Not just because Mr Fiori is an important agricultural expert - he was the agriculture spokesman in the Lombardy Regional Assembly - and not only because of his name, 'Fiori', which could potentially make European agriculture the flower of Europe, but also because, last night, I dreamt, inter alia, that he was the biblical Joseph, interpreting dreams and thus managing to get grain during periods of famine in Egypt.
It is not entirely appropriate in my view to move from the arguments of substance for and against a marketing ban to a much more convoluted and esoteric debate about WTO law.
This evidence needs to be considered in any exposure assessment as well as the consequences of the newly recognised, more complex metabolisms for synthetic hormones such as trenbolone, zeronol and melengestrol acetates.
Therefore the fusion budget is a financial black hole in pursuit of an ever-receding holy grail of fusion energy.
I am not therefore going to get involved in that slanging match about who is performing well and who is performing badly.
Thirdly, something should be done to overcome the collective amnesia which was imposed by the Soviet tyranny on western Europe, allowing us to forget the thousand years of cultural, political and commercial links which we are now in the process of restoring.
The mistake the Commission proposal makes is to suggest that the current model of direct aid should be maintained beyond 2006.
With regard to fisheries, the proposal affects fresh and chilled fish belonging to certain species such as sea bream, hake and sea bass, as well as smoked fish and salmon.
I regret the attempt by the car industry lobby to discredit the EEVC tests.
Because child labour is neither a hobby nor a game, I hope both FIFA and the industry will take the lead and make football a truly fair game for everyone.
The virus can travel with returning players and fans in food and on their footwear.
It seems that the debate on biofuels has, in a way, put the cart before the horse, in the sense that this is, first and foremost, an agricultural problem and that it would have been more sensible to wait for the assessment of the Berlin agenda to be completed, in other words, to complete the mid-term review, so that we know exactly which direction to take for the biofuels policy.
Is a television show a piece of audiovisual work and how is it circulated?
He was a sailor and, last night, I dreamed that he and his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, were sailing a yacht across a stormy sea.
It is therefore shameful that we bow down to the destructive agenda of Friends of the Earth and Greenpeace, who are intent on bamboozling the public with unjustified scare stories.
As regards the last point on how the Commission intends to tell all 370 million citizens of Europe about this facility, I would firstly like to say that the tourist who goes abroad, at least within the euro area, will immediately know about this facility because when he draws cash out of the wall he will see on the slip what the charges are.
I am not suggesting that you proceed à l'autrichienne, Commissioner, although you are always more than welcome to come walking in the Austrian mountains with us.
President Bush sometimes wants to play the cowboy at international level, but risks turning his own peacekeepers into outlaws in the process.
My invariable response is that I am a spy for democracy rather than for NATO, even though I form part of the NATO delegation.
One fairly prosaic example is the toilet paper tube.
There is no justification for the committee's taking the ban on processing animal protein in animal feed as a pretext for demanding EU subsidies for lupins - would you believe - and other protein-rich crops.
The victims of the hurricane in Latin America did not receive the money we had allocated.
The recent attacks, the recent discovery of a chemicals laboratory for producing explosives and lethal materials and the existence of an area under tribal influence between Afghanistan and Pakistan are further indications of a dangerous situation.
This political pickpocketing is at once antidemocratic and repressive.
Investigations into the onward distribution of the contaminated glucose syrup revealed that it had been delivered to feed mills and traders and, to a limited extent, to the food industry.
Every week a 25 litre drum was taken away and the chef was given GBP 5, part of the black economy. This was taken away to be processed into animal feed.
Let those listening to me understand that, to take a couple of examples, this is about unsaleable bread that will no longer be fresh the following day, about left-over pieces of cake and that sort of thing.
In other words, in their jargon, they want 'blockbusters' which earn more than one billion dollars per year.
Mr President, Mrs Cederschiöld's report, which we have just adopted in this Chamber, concerns a Council framework decision seeking to protect us from what is known as hacking into information systems.
In short, I think that Parliament has contributed to improving the proposal for a framework decision intended to provide a response to cybercrime by seeking to approximate the legal provisions of the Member States in order to guarantee that all attacks against information systems become a criminal offence and by promoting police and judicial cooperation.
We were all thoroughly enjoying our meal, but the chef said to us: 'Soon, you will no longer be able to enjoy rice if you Members of the European Parliament do not do something to help agriculture in the reform of the common agricultural policy that is currently being carried out in the European Parliament and the European Community, for the agricultural activities of rice-growing areas such as Vercelli, Novara, Pavia, Milan and other areas of Europe must be safeguarded too.'
The disinclination to make reforms in this area stinks to high heaven, and the citizens of the European Union will no longer stand for it.
The supplementary role renewable energy sources play in basic production is a part of the European energy palette.
As has been said here, it is also important to connect the new Member States to the internal market in energy.
Under the pressure of successive compromises, the text is too long and resembles nothing so much as a boring waltz or a tiresome tango, with steps to the left and to the right, forwards and backwards - to such an extent that, eventually, we even forget in which direction it is moving.
I would like to say to Mr Turmes that I fully share his consternation at the tragic air crash in Luxembourg, as well as the fire on a coach in France, both issues relating to my portfolio, transport.
Other ministers have criticised dynamic modulation on the grounds that in reality it means a progressive reduction in subsidies in real terms and because the model - apart from franchising and capping - does not take sufficient account of existing regional differences.
It cannot be delayed; it is the fulcrum and pivot of the whole strategy.
. (FR) This report claims, in its explanatory statement, that dock dues need to be extended for the four French outermost regions as they already suffer particularly serious unemployment.
Commissioner Nielson, who is responsible for humanitarian issues in Europe, has not announced that he is to visit Chechnya, but rather that he is to attend a banquet for Heads of State and Government in St Petersburg.
There, we saw a Dutch Liberal leader, Mr Gerrit Zalm, launch a kamikaze campaign. He demanded that the Netherlands should thwart enlargement with a view to enforcing agricultural reforms.
Contemplating the state of the Galician coast following the disaster, and the Galician people, in their sorrow, anger, bravery and concern, who, despite everything, are looking to the future, seems to me to be the best proof that Galicia, the north-eastern region of the Iberian Peninsula, is heavily dependent on fishing, and not only because 20% of its gross domestic product comes from fisheries and related activities.
As we all know, ISIS has recommended no fishing for haddock and whiting in these areas unless ways to harvest these stocks - and I am quoting - 'without by-catch or discards of cod' can be demonstrated.
Thus, not a gram of waste is to remain without someone taking responsibility for it, although for various practical reasons - and this was the compromise that was finally reached during conciliation - the obligation regarding evidence itself is in respect of just 4 kilograms.
That is ridiculous for a citizen of the European Union in an aspiring Member State.
We cannot, following the Erika and the Prestige, allow another Erika or Prestige to sully our coasts.
We marvelled at the skills displayed by sturgeon producers in Granada. We realised the significance of the experimental farming of sea bream and bass in former Roman salt pans in the province of Cadiz.
These are done with a kind of nylon stocking that denudes entire areas.
The complexity of this operation was quite extraordinary, but given that caviar is currently fetching about a third of the price of gold, one can readily understand why people are prepared to invest the necessary time and money to achieve these results.
The Commission is keeping abreast of the current debate on the possible effects of the use of low frequency active sonar on some species of cetaceans.
The pursuit resulted in physical confrontations and injury to one of the authority's agents, requiring the intervention of a Portuguese navy corvette.
The problem is that the decision to bomb Iraq into a morgue unfit for the dead was taken a long time ago on the Potomac.
Obviously, however, it is not Parliament's aim to defend its position to the letter, but instead ensure that there are no grey areas left in EU legislation where public participation would be justified but impossible owing to some blunder on the part of a legislator.
In other words, exploitation that is carried out illegally by companies supported by armed groups, with the help of ungodly, lawless, more or less mafia-type networks, including within the State machinery.
The venues for each were also symbolic: the Economic Forum met in the ski resort of Davos, the World Social Forum in Porto Alegre, in the midst of a continent in full-blown economic crisis.
If European legislation enables workers from third countries to be turned into cheap labour or a kind of cannon fodder on the field of insecure employment, the European Union will lose all the credibility that it has built up over many years through its programmes to combat forms of discrimination, programmes that it is duty-bound to defend on the basis of its ideals of justice and freedom.
Please can we link these two matters.
We also know that a drone has been discovered which is capable of spreading biological and chemical weapons, and we know the cluster bombs have also been discovered.
I hope that this solidly united vote by Parliament will, as it is intended to do, stir up the Council to demonstrate some awareness and enable us to benefit the environment, to strengthen agriculture and, above all, to be less dependent on others for energy.
After the balance achieved, however, in the text adopted in the specialist committee - from which the basic proposal originated - it is absolutely deplorable that various amendments have eroded this reasonable balance and have chosen to use language that can only be described as rabid, heading full tilt into demagogy.
This is an unacceptable situation that is underpinned by the existence of a roving form of investment for which ethics and social responsibility do not exist, and whose sole aim is to obtain the maximum profit possible, always in the pursuit of more incentives and more financial and fiscal aid and of cheap labour with few rights, ready to change location when the prospect of greater profits or greater community aid for them to set up appears elsewhere.
Yet when Saddam Hussein draws the menacing sword of Islam and proclaims Jihad, it is we Europeans who will be his direct, closest target.
Jumbled up in this Community rag bag are a new employment task force, the stated wish for more concise guidelines on economic policy and for recommendations on economic reforms with strict timetables if appropriate.
Furthermore, the proposal sets a strict limit for chromium -6 in cement, as chromium -6 has been shown to induce disabling and allergic eczema, especially among cement workers.
For example, it has been established that cobalt causes carcinogenic effects in laboratory animals and in human beings, particularly lung cancer and myocardial tissue tumours; cadmium powders, for their part, can cause testicular cancer in addition to lung cancer.
The worst situation we could face would be to increase the entropy of the system, with the various bodies being concerned only with their own competences, without the fight against economic crime on a European scale being pursued more effectively.
While the new coronavirus is still the leading hypothesis for the cause of SARS, other viruses are still under investigation as potential causes.
Decades later, at a time when the Warsaw Pact still existed, East German citizens took part in a pan-European lakeside picnic by the Fertö Tó, or Neusiedler See, an event which our fellow MEPs Otto von Habsburg and Bernd Posselt had helped to organise, before striking out again on the road to freedom, and it was Hungarian border guards who stood aside and let them pass.
Alternatively we could keep in service ten complete infantry battalions.
The author of this question was able to ascertain in person the extent and severity of the damage caused to the various forms of greenhouse cultivation, especially to the pineapple greenhouses on the island of São Miguel.
Maybe the price of a pizza for an average household once a year.
I think that this is not the time to transfer American kitsch to the European Union and for us to become even more farcical than we were on the issue of Iraq.
This is the time for us to show that the Sakharov Prize is not a nice school prize; it is not a moment of 'glamour' like the Hollywood Oscars. It represents a commitment given by the European Union, through its Parliament, to the cause of democracy, human rights and freedom throughout the world.
In Spain we have sports newspapers, which only cover sports, and they are some of the most widely read newspapers in our country - even more than the national newspapers - and they hardly dedicate 4% of their content to women's sport, and what is more, the content relating to women's sport often consists of news of a sentimental nature or on the postures or clothing of our sportswomen.
The camera zoomed in on the relevant parts of the women's bodies.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, when the Swedish golf star, Annika Sörenstam, wanted to compete with the men in the American professional tournament, the male golf world got the jitters.
It is a fact that these schemes, both the LUCAS Project (Land Use/Cover Area Frame Statistical Survey) and the MARS Project (Monitoring Agriculture with Remote Sensing), have contributed to a better understanding of areas and crops in the Community.
It is no coincidence that most GM crops cultivated around the world are resistant to a specific pesticide.
Our geology favoured that.
The European Union keeps meticulous accounts of molluscs and fish, chicks, poultry, cattle or goats; it bureaucratically identifies animals and vegetables of every type of species, which it analyses exhaustively; it analyses the chassis of motors, industrial parts and tools, the remoulding of tyres ... it is unacceptable that it cannot count the victims of a war of hardly three weeks ago.
He proposes having an economics tsar when it comes to the eurozone's relations with the surrounding world.
Joseph Kony, the leader of the so-called Lord's Resistance Army, spoke again last Monday, telling his men to kill mercilessly anyone who comes within range, including the elderly and children, to spare only pregnant women, to kill priests and missionaries in cold blood and to beat up nuns in cold blood.
With more than 400 articles, progress is being made in the following areas: the classification of legal acts as European laws, framework laws or 'delegated' laws; and the creation of a Minister of Foreign Affairs and three Presidents - of the European Council, the Council of Ministers and the Commission - and of a whole orchestra of institutional instruments in which, although the conductor cannot be tracked down, it is easy to locate the big drum of the European Parliament which, once more, is gaining in volume without managing to gain in political credibility.
We have the choice of either indulging in sterile argument, accusing each other of being irresponsible - which reminds me of the old medieval arguments about how many angels fit on the point of a needle - or of the international community, in general, and the European Union, in particular, mobilising the best of its efforts in order to restore security, stability and democracy in Iraq.
Since then, the town has become the rock capital of Sweden!
Europe has appointed itself as the sheriff of the USA, especially after the signing of the agreement on cooperation in criminal matters and extraditions to the USA, where there is capital punishment and Guantanamo.
I abstained from the overall final vote, however, as I deplored the rapporteur's failure to resist the temptation to include in the final resolution a paragraph written in that coded, ideological language which, like that of other reports produced by this Parliament, aims simply to enlist EU development policy in the international pro-abortion movement.
That is the source of the complication.
Mrs McCarthy has cited the most recent example of Amazon's 'one-click' shopping method.
If this travelling history is stored on this chip and somebody travels to America, then Bush will still have unfettered access to the information which is the subject of our bickering.
With the outstanding issues - which are the subject of an evolutionary clause, the 'rendez-vous' clause - it is true to say that it does make sense to seek solutions which allow us to resolve the problems we have.
She is a very cute toy kangaroo, but she has come to the European Parliament today with a very serious message: to raise awareness about sudden unexplained death in children over one and adults.
Nevertheless, the proof of the pudding is in the eating - as we say in Britain.
I also think it is right also to include other leisure activities, such as windsurfing, in the directive.
Is the intention, in the long term, to ban surfing, windsurfing, kayaking and rowing because the water is deemed to be unsuitable for bathing?
The Supreme Court noted that the victim was wearing jeans at the time of the offence and stated that jeans cannot even be partly removed without the active cooperation of the person wearing them.
Importers from other European countries are particularly affected by this, as they sell their drinks almost exclusively in one-way packaging for reasons mainly related to long-distance deliveries.
Thanks to the acceptance of Agenda 2000, the restrictive financial framework of the Copenhagen Council and the consequences of the constraints imposed by the Stability Pact, which directly affect the implementation of the budget, the budgetary procedure has become a bargain basement where inconsequential issues are debated and where the policy pursued is one of transfers, cuts and redistribution of funds. All of this reduces budgetary transparency.
The supply of Cardhu single malt has run low.
Should we not think about the danger posed by the constantly smouldering fuse of the most aggressive and extremist armed factions of international Islamic fundamentalism?
Finally, let me turn to Mr Perry's comments, put with his customary delicacy and charm and all the more forceful because they were wrapped in silk and polished with scented soap.
It is as if the Convention had never been held, and the Council were back in the old Nice routine with all the hullabaloo and horse trading going on behind closed doors.
Madam President, I rise to ask you if you will join with me in expressing your concern to the Turkish judicial authorities about the delays in bringing to trial those persons involved in the affray that took place in Galatasaray, Turkey on the occasion of a football match with Leeds United in April 2000.
I cannot see any way of putting a cosmetic gloss on these things.
The 'piece of paper' in Mr Berlusconi's pocket turned out to be a -stained napkin with a few bad jokes scribbled on it.
I am not indulging in political metaphysics here – this is the reality of the situation.
.– Mr President, I expect the House has noticed I have a scarf wrapped round my head.
As you know only too well, poaching and unsustainable levels of hunting threaten the existence of some of our closest relatives in the animal kingdom: the gorilla species, chimpanzees and other types of apes.
That would be bad enough, but if ebola-infected meat reaches the world market, we could see a catastrophe far worse than HIV.
This anti-globalisation movement slogan could form the epigraph of our debate.
The position the report adopts shifts continually and does not state clearly how it will effectively guarantee job creation and workers’ rights in the various service areas, nor does it take a firm stance in defence of high-quality public services.
In order to be consistent and non-discriminatory, any such bans would affect the Sikh turban, the Jewish kippa or skullcap, and Christian crosses.
I am sure you remember vividly the lobby and the debate on flower pots, CD cases, mascara containers and make-up pots.
This policy was re-launched when the United States reworked its strategy and when the ESA and NASA reported exceptional successes that excited the world.
Lindane was a substance used in shampoo to get rid of nits in children's hair.
– Mr President, Commissioner, Austria currently enjoys perfectly trouble-free relations with Russia, as demonstrated by the most recent state visits and President Putin’s fondness for skiing in our country.
To begin with, import permits are required for any species listed in Annex A of the Council regulation and these include all species listed on Appendix 1 of CITES - (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora), such as leopard, cheetah and elephant, and a number of other popular trophy species such as brown bear, lynx and wolf.
However, our Irish colleagues have a true talent for promoting understanding – except, of course, where English rugby is concerned – and we hope that their diligent efforts will bear fruit and that the presidency report to the European Council will be able to conclude that all delegations are disposed to sign the constitutional treaty before the European elections.
I often compare the process of European integration with the epic poem on the discoveries, in which the great sixteenth century Portuguese poet, Camões, said that we were sailing ‘on hitherto uncharted waters’.
Parliament has also asked for the immediate replacement of the present ‘pull’ system by a ‘push’ system, and for negotiations on an international agreement to provide European citizens with real guarantees and the same legal protection as American citizens.
There are a number of applications of HFCs, from air conditioning to air-sole trainers and to aerosol fake snow, for example, which we had a little bit of fun about in the press at Christmas.
By then there had already been the early call to the police by the witness who saw three hooded men in Alcalá de Henares and the van containing detonators and verses from the Koran had been found.
Mr President, I wish to protest again this year that the amendment tabled by my delegation on the 2005 calendar, which seeks to end this charade of coming to Strasbourg every month at gross expense to the European Union taxpayer, has been declared inadmissible.
As regards 'wild boar', there is a problem, which I accept is to do with Spanish parliamentary culture.
To cut a long story short, the conductor of such a mediocre brass band had a dual task. He had to ensure that the players started and finished simultaneously.
Since 1999, or the 2000 budget, we have been faced with the problem that we cannot fund the commitments which the foreign ministers enter into in their never-ending donation frenzy.
Because of this, India is considered by some as a kind of EU for South Asia and also as a buffer against the mistrusted Islamic world.
The question which arises therefore is institutional: are we an independent political entity or are we a trailer hitched to the American truck?
For example, it has tabled proposals for recovery rooms, rooms for injecting heroin under supervision and needle exchange programmes.
At a time when the generosity of people across Europe and the world towards the victims of the tsunami disaster is evident to all, it is inexplicable why this Parliament is committing a considerable sum of money to a programme of events and receptions in support of the European Constitution.
In the words of Russian political analyst Piontovski, it is a choice between the past and the future, between Soviet Ukraine and European Ukraine.
Huge differences appear between the performances of individual Member States, with, for example, my own country of Hungary in last place, only undertaking to reach 3.6% by 2010, even though it is the site of Europe’s greatest geothermal energy resource, and which to this day has not generated a single watt of electricity.
Commissioner, I have the impression that you are less fortunate with the heritage concerning the internal market for services that Mr Bolkestein left for you when you came here to Brussels, and which carries his name, or perhaps an ominous nickname.
Miss Skride’s talent and youth are accompanied by a violin made by Stradivarius in 1725 and which is known by the name Wilhelm, in honour of the famous German violinist August Wilhelm, to whom it belonged for almost 50 years.
Following amendments to German legislation, the directive will mean that the German qualifications of journeyman (‘’) and master craftsman (‘’) will be placed in the same category, even though master craftsmen are required to complete a demanding additional training course that lasts many years.
Just as it was right to bring in the minimum wage to combat the problem of poverty pay, it is now time to call time on excessive working hours, which see workers bullied and exploited, fuel stress and other health problems, and which damage family life.
I was called a hooligan; I was told I had behaved like a football supporter.
There is some basic systemic error we are not getting at.
It is not sarin gas which creates the spectacular death and destruction which the terrorists need for the 6 o'clock news.
What fiscal measures are envisaged as regards setting rates of excise duties on designer drinks, and what regulatory measures are envisaged to ensure that labelling indicates clearly that the synthetic alcohol and sugar content of these drinks is harmful to health?
They doubtless reminisce about the strong guilder, which would now help them solve the problem of negligible economic growth.
Mr Blair, Mr Bush's field marshal, will be here tomorrow.
We are talking about linoleum floors with these effects.
We must abandon liberal ideas, which are based on moral relativism, and move to an approach based on ethical and moral principles, which pay attention to the individual, whether female or male, and do not just see an item that may be used for profit.
When the prisoners fell to their knees, just before the soldiers were ordered to shoot, the accused heard the boy’s voice: ‘Mummy’, he whispered; ‘Mummy’.
I hope it was not the Scottish accents coming across.
According to the world's largest security software company, 'the world faces a threat of “blockbuster” proportions from new 3G mobile phone viruses and increasingly sophisticated PC “spyware” programmes'.
Mr President, when will Parliament's Bureau and its Presidency get a grip on the shambolic procedures that we use when it comes to voting?
Men are given the more expensive light treatment, while women are sent home with a prescription for skin ointment.
Mr President, Commissioner, the European Union is like a boat, whose keel is in the Mediterranean Sea and whose mast is in the Baltic.
Among the thirty worshippers, there were some 10 women who were forced first to undress and then to pose naked.
Rather, it suggests checkmate for the idea of a truly united Europe that is not split into a first and second class Europe according to wealth or historical legacy.
It is because culture gains nothing from a weakened rapporteur or from an enfeebled parliament in which different figures are used virtually every month that we strongly urge that these figures be taken as a basis.
The influenza virus is an RNA virus containing eight genes.
What that means is that there is an urgent need for a change of approach where the production of vaccines is concerned, and it also goes without saying that we can work much more quickly with cell cultures such as MPS.
The donations to Labour have continued, and again, coincidentally under the British Presidency, anti-dumping tariffs on steel produced by Mittal outside the EU have continued to be reduced by Commissioner Mandelson.
The bodywork is the Constitution, the engine is the euro and the petrol is the budget.
My family was murdered by the Nazis in my home country, and I object to such comments being made in my direction.
If carbon dioxide is not reduced, the Arctic ice cover will disappear.
Do we want a ban on collecting lapwings’ eggs in the Netherlands, or bull fighting in Spain or the fattening of French geese for , because those customs are animal-unfriendly or are they national matters to which Europe’s interference does not add any value?
Only a European Union with a single foreign policy, one that makes full use of its own capacities, sings from a single hymn sheet and has made structural fragmentation a thing of the past, will succeed in doing that.
Over recent days, regrettably, there have been comments from the Basque nationalist government and Spain’s Socialist government aimed at rolling out a red carpet for these terrorists, which they can walk unhindered at their coming congress.
I should like, if I may, to introduce a particularly Belgian flavour at this point. I would welcome the possibility of restructuring in the chicory sector with a view to producing inulin, for which prospects are good.
. President-in-Office, you are said to be skilled in drawing and adept at mountaineering.
The effect would have been to end the British measuring of bottled milk in pints and would change the size of our standard loaf.
We are deeply shocked that preparations are being made for the forthcoming World Cup with a blind eye being turned not only to the construction, but also to the commercial promotion, of a place that some even dare to boast will be the largest brothel in the world.
I would furthermore like to mention one amendment connected with Parliament’s day nursery.
We need to concentrate on all those ranges of disease where there is public concern, whether it is heart or respiratory, rheumatological or brain disease.
Mr President, there is an old Swahili saying: ‘Never stand between a river and a hippopotamus’.
We have to state here that the new post-Soviet tri-electoral military union of consolidated dictatorships in Moscow, Minsk and Tashkent is not the way to a better future for the three states and nations.
.Responding to the linguistic standardisation of Europe, whereby English is the popular phonetic soup, with a form of multilingualism that the European Union would do well to practice itself, is all well and good.
The President of Bolivia was born in a poor and out-of-the-way town in Bolivia, in Isavalli, in the canton of Orinoca, very close to lake Poopó, in Oruro.
For example, the addition of fluoride to drinking water has a disproportionately negative effect on bottle-fed babies and young children, as their reconstituted milk formula made from that public drinking water equates to their total diet.
Faced with the numerous threats that regularly place a strain on those regions, from tsunamis to volcanic eruptions, earthquakes to cyclones, and, from now on, the reactivation of mosquito-borne viral diseases, such as chikungunya in Réunion or dengue in Guyana, the overseas populations are awaiting a suitable response from Europe in terms of security, prevention and solidarity.
This is another example of a situation in which those in control call the shots; that is to say that in this ‘federalist’ Parliament, the weighting of Members from each country, with central and northern European MEPs the dominant force, is a decisive factor in undermining the interests of Mediterranean countries, in which more than 90% of forest fires take place.
Presumably if they saw a geological map of Europe, they would claim that Scotland was being merged with Austria because they both have granite, or that the different limestone areas were being merged into transnational regions.
Just as it was legitimate to condemn the initial capture of the Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah, then above all the latter’s serious decision to respond to the bombing of Lebanese towns by launching missiles on Israeli towns, thus in turn committing crimes against the civilian population, the green light that has been given to Israel for many days now to carry out and pursue this terrifying war is leaving people amazed and is fuelling revolt.
What is more, economists estimate that the price of a gallon of oil, which currently stands at USD 3, will have to be increased to USD 10 in order to integrate the cost of health care and climate change.
So, then, many thanks from me to all who have had a hand in this, combined with sadness that there were so many who sought to turn this into a media campaign without, however, taking any part in the real work that was done by the working party and in the Committee on Budgetary Control.
There is a lot of grey hair in this Chamber – not on me, of course.
I could also mention ICT technologies exploiting optical and spin states that facilitate further compression of information to be read with blue lasers, and to biotechnology, including DNA research and bioinformatic systems.
(EL) Mr President, the recent decision by the Council of Ministers to impose antidumping duties leads me to two crucial comments.
In the other subsectors, imports from third countries either play a marginal role - for example as regards blackcurrants and sour cherries - or have decreased in the last years - as is the case with raspberries, for example.
In the case of frozen raspberries, Poland has increased its market share in the last few years, at the expense of imports from third countries.
Glucose and lactose (vote)
I refer not, Prime Minister, to the artichoke soup or the grilled goose that you served at supper, proving that you can supplant prosciutto di Parma, but to the EIT and the European patents, to energy security, to immigration, to relations with Russia - strategic themes which need serious reflection, but also strategic decisions which highlight the need for coherent policymaking.
We all know that a touch can be either a gentle caress or the hug of a bear.
I have a further question: does the Council not agree that we seem to be creating more and more agencies, like confetti sprinkled around the Member States, so that everybody has one, rather than when there is a real need - not so much this one, perhaps, but many of the others that have been created?
Next, I shall respond to Mrs Rühle and to Mrs Gebhardt on the issue of public-private partnerships and on the 'in-house' concept.
I would like to take this opportunity to draw Parliament's attention to the report by Human Rights Watch published on 9 October 2006. This report mentions how an Internet blog created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual, was shut down.
In fact I was just showing President Borrell an album of Georgian sites.
New energy efficiency technologies such as hydrogen, fusion, LED light, and solar and wind power are important, for example.
My submission is that the hidden agenda and programme for 2007 will include a resurrection of the constitution, that slain vampire, after a small blood transfusion.
It seems to me that this is not a question of Parliament coming cap in hand, begging for support.
You, too, Mr Diamandouros, have an important part to play, particularly since you are, in my view, the relay that connects the public to the European institutions; it is to you that citizens turn with any concerns they may have with them, and your role is to settle grievances and you do try to find solutions.
Secondly, with regard to human rights, Mr Putin, with his angelic face of a judoka trained by the KGB, repeats to us time and again: 'I have nothing to do with this business'.
In Chelmsford he is a fierce Eurosceptic, our brave brigadier battling for Britain, the spirit of 1940, we can all sleep well in our beds!
That has a great deal to do with the fact that - in parallel with the process to which Mr Farage referred - the other thing going on is outsourcing, which prevents the creation, in our various countries, of the social foundations on which a proper social model for a strong Europe might actually be built.
This regulation details how to address and combat diseases such as BSE and scrapie, which affect ruminants as a whole.
I sometimes have the impression that respect for atheism is more important to us than respect for religious beliefs.
Subject: Duty-free sales within the new aviation security regulations
We must not retreat from the front line of the war against terror under the banner of citizens' rights.
In this regard, why have we not looked at creating a Pacific hub, a regional hub?
It is in the family that the love of sport, which is so important in reducing stress and aggression, and healthy eating habits, must be experienced and encouraged.
When people are tired to the point of exhaustion from a long working day, it is easier for them to grab fast food than to make the effort to cook; they find themselves wanting to flake out in front of the television with crisps and a fizzy drink, and their children imitate their behaviour.
Firms must be able to win a public contract even if they do not have an ecologically-correct pot of flowers in front of the factory gate and even if the menu of their works canteen does not include alternative meals.
There is also the area of VAT, with the intracommunity frauds that the single market allows, with fiscal dumping and our Baltic friends who benefit from their 'flat tax', to give themselves an advantage.
rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, Mr Barrot, ladies and gentlemen, I am disappointed that the 'Transport live night show' is not the Council's favourite, since it was the Council in particular that I wanted to address.
On account of all these sound amendments, the lay-out of the report may not be anything to write home about, but I hope that the message is clear. Parliament wants to see concrete measures rather than deferral.
We often read about incidents of violence against men and women because of their sexual leanings, or we look on helplessly at the increasingly common cases of serious bullying at school, which can even lead young people to commit suicide, as recently happened in Italy.
But of course, having done that, it allows the producers of those parts, and particularly tuning and other companies, to have access to the single market with a single approval.
This refusal to listen to the needs and complaints of Europeans will backfire at the next opportunity, and official Europe should not come and complain to us if the citizens again vote 'incorrectly' at some stage in the future.
Thirdly, we should at some point perhaps turn our attention to small crops, to small-scale producers, such as those growing saffron and mastic in Chios.
Champagne and cognac are strictly defined.
However, those people who buy cuddly toys or fashionable handbags made of cat or dog fur contribute to a trade that causes animals to be tortured, beaten and flayed alive.
As regards Portugal, I feel that there are no problems with the proposals contained in the regulation as regards geographical indications, which include the various forms of wine, grape marc and pear spirits, Madeira rum, fruit spirit from the Algarve and Buçaco, ginjinha portuguesa, licor de Singeverga, Portuguese anis and poncha da Madeira.
Everyone hopes there will be more debt relief, none more than I. You are also correct in saying that it is actually no more than one shot and that, if governments want to honour their pledges, they must increase the value in real and absolute terms of the amounts they devote to their development aid policies over the next few years.
I would like to remind you that rap music and the Greek hendecasyllabic metre have the same rhythm.
Someone from my region told me that taking mercury from Almadén to anywhere else would be like taking the piano to the piano stool rather than taking the stool to the piano in order to play a concert.
After the revealing comments by Germany's Interior Minister, Mr Schäuble, my group will be on the guard against the erosion of civil liberties that underpin our society.
However, when I, Mrs Morgantini and others were in the West Bank and Gaza last year it was clear then that EU policy is a sticking plaster, not a cure.
The absence of such a clause in sectoral agreements does not prevent us from carrying out human rights consultations with the country in question or to use any other of the instruments of the European Union human rights toolbox.
I will open my blog with a warning to citizens not to use such kinds of malpractices and be aware of European City Guide's malpractices, but this is in the hands of the Member States to implement the possible protection.
Madam President, well, we do seem to have a lot of armchair generals in the House this afternoon!
Although the number of children diagnosed with dyslexia, dysphasia, dyscalculation, dyspraxia and similar specific disorders is increasingly dramatically - dyslexia alone is estimated to affect 10% of children in the US - many, if not the majority, of children affected in Europe still remain undiagnosed and therefore largely unhelped.
Perhaps of even more interest to some, without fungicides and herbicides to protect and cure disease in fine turf, many golf and bowling surfaces would become weed-infested and unplayable.
Such projects include the memorial to Mr Pöttering, a museum dedicated to the EU's short history, or converting Parliament's parking area into a spa and baths.
For example, we can abolish the EU's incomprehensible ban on Swedish snuff.
We have heard about attacks on Kurdish institutions and DTP offices, and about enraged nationalists attempting to lynch their Kurdish fellow citizens.
It remains to be seen whether Father Christmas's sleigh will be included in the scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community.
The C.SIS (Central SIS) also underwent a major upgrade thanks to the total commitment of the French Republic, which we must thank.
When we read something like this, we may well wonder about the two-faced role of the EU, which gives with one hand and takes with the other.
Just as we introduced the euro as an internal fitness programme for the single market, we now have the Lisbon Strategy, for all the reservations and problems that may accompany it, as a fitness programme to get us into shape for global competition.
This is, basically, the LGBT population.
I do not understand why Moravian winegrowers should buy expensive must from Southern countries, only to replace a 200-year-old tradition of sugaring, thereby changing the traditional bouquet and taste of their quality wines.
Let me start with what the Commissioner really highlighted in his speech, which is the effect on children, because one of the campaigns that is running this year, of course, is Stop Aids in Children.
It is an open secret that companies regularly use cross-border loss relief to reduce their tax bill by moving their profits to low-tax zones and low-tax countries.
Imagine the horror of being accidentally pricked by a needle and then having a horrendous wait to see whether you have contracted a serious infection, such as HIV or hepatitis B!
I voted to remove the paragraph referring to encouraging states to outlaw the wearing of the hijab for young girls.
I would also like a mid-term health check when it comes to the roadmap for gender equality, which contains a lot of nice words, but no regulation so far on the horizon.
in writing. - (RO) While appreciating the Commission's environmental concerns, we are preoccupied with the limited relevance of the indicators used in the algorithm applied for computing the distribution of emission certificates.
Do not let us forget traditional, intelligence-led policing; even if it is more difficult in making it work across borders, it should not be relegated to a secondary effort in the light of the dazzling allure of databases, because this raises big questions of data protection and data security.
Is it the Member State in command of the navy vessel who is obliged to grant asylum or take care of the reception of the intercepted boat people?
Being blind or partially sighted is a disability that makes it impossible to see the world through one's eyes.
So, we want to connect the wires to 1 and 3.
But instead of trying to figure out whether the data supplies sufficient evidence to conclude that the engines meet the actual emissions requirement, and all of the hypothesis testing, I thought I would also use the same data that we had in the last video to actually come up with a 95% confidence interval.
I'm just using that same data to come up with a 95% confidence interval for the actual mean emission for this new engine design.
So let me draw a T-distribution right over here.
And then we want to find an interval, so if this is a normalized T-distribution the mean is going to be 0.
So if you randomly pick a T-value from this T-distribution, it has a 95% chance of being within this far from the mean.
Let me scroll over to the right a little bit. 0.942.
So that is the high end of our range.
Sacajawea and several other girls were kidnapped by a group of Hidatsa Indians.
Not only did they prove to be Sacajawea's band, but their leader, Chief Cameahwait, turned out to be her very own brother.
There is this kind of checkerboard pattern that does create a clear, structured interior, and then we have objects that are placed askew of that so, you've got the line the window should trace, but the window is open, so that there's a diagonal that interrupts it. You've got the careful rectilinear tiles on the floor but then you've got the chair, again, that's at an angle, and is offset from it.
In the 70's, when artist had red lipstick and nailpolish, and any kind of relation to fashion, It was discussed like being a really bad artist, that's how you want to approve yourself, Because you cannot do it with your work.
And I can pretty much can guarantee that 99% of the kids in the class are eating meat, dairy and eggs.
Alright, now, if you are vegan, meaning you choose not to eat any meat of the animal, no flesh of the animals, no cows, no chickens, no pigs, no turkey, and no fish, right surprise, surprise: fish is not a vegetable.
How many of you have ever seen the movie  The Matrix ?
In fact, if you believe the image on the cartoon is where you are getting your milk from, you are deceiving yourself.
By the time I am done talking today there'll be over a million animals that have been slaughtered.
Either you're seeing an animal, or you're seeing food.
That is the greatest quality of the human race.
But, if you would stop somebody from killing a pig in front of you and then go home and have this for breakfast that's called hypocrisy.
So, let's take a three-year-old from any country in the world and you put that 3 year old in the room and you line up 5 animals in front of that 3 years old, a pig, a dog, a cow, a cat and a chicken.
The 3 years old has to be taught,  no, no, no, no, don't play with him, eat him, play with him, pet him.
If you take a baby and you put the baby in a crib and you put on the right side a baby chick and on the left side an apple, which one do you think the baby is gonna try to play with, and which one do you think the baby is gonna try to eat?
If you would walk outside right now and you saw somebody taking a baseball bat to a dog's head, what would you do?
You take a fish out of water, what is their reaction?
And veganism is simply changing your perception.
I mean, if I were to kind of humanely rob you?
It does not take a business expert to realize that.
During pregnancy, she starts lactating during pregnancy, right?
You'd probably say I work for the cigarette company, right?
You see, the reason most people are lactose intolerant is because all mammals, and human beings are mammals have an enzyme known as lactase.
That enzyme breaks down the sugar known as lactose.
What is the #1 cause of food allergies among infants and children?
I can not give up cheese.
The greatest trick ever pulled was convincing people they need to drink milk.
So you have carnivores, tiger, cheetah, jaguar, and then you have the deer, the antelope, and the gazelle.
In fact, there is a warning label on fish.
It's like people they know somebody who is vegan who is sick.
You have to put the proper fuels in it to get it to work properly.
And I guarantee what are people gonna say to you, when you say, I put diesel in my car today.
When somebody puts a hamburger in their mouth, nobody says
Mac Danzig, who fights in the ultimate fighter, he is a season 1 champion, UFC fighter, no meat, no dairy, no eggs, no fish.
Would be a carcass on your plate.
On a healthier note you have your scrambled eggs, I have my scrambled tofu.
Even have vegan sour cream,
Again, it's not healthy, but healthier than cow milk ice cream.
It's made actually out of tapioca and arrowroot flour.
And I never been thought about it before, that something is actually being slaughtered, and it is my ground beef, and it is my steak, and stuff like that.
When the trailer arrives, the cows in the herd will moo.
If you guys want more information, you can always email me at james@arff.org You can visit our website for all of this information www.arff.org
They can give them more control over pricing, which is what the band Radiohead did with its pay-as-you-like online release of its album
The Danish chocolate company Anthon Berg opened a so-called  generous store  in Copenhagen.
When Microsoft Kinect came out, the motion-controlled add-on to its Xbox gaming console, it immediately drew the attention of hackers.
The first step towards compliance is initiating a company-wide social media policy for interacting with the public via social media, so your employees can understand what they need to do to stay compliant.
HootSuite understands this challenge, and has partnered with Global Relay, a leading enterprise archiving provider to make you social media compliant.
A best practice is to have a small qualified group responsible for the approval of messages, to make sure that all published messages are in line with your policy.
This means that messages from all of your connected social networks are easily reviewable by your company's compliance team and by industry regulators.
Once you are set up, any team member that posts using HootSuite will automatically have their messages archived into the Global Relay system, providing outbound solutions for your social media.
The HootSuite and Global Relay partnership gives you a 360 degree view for your social media messages and easily integrates your social media archive with existing email and chat archives.
So four, almost five years ago, Proposition 8, the great marriage equality debate, was raising a lot of dust around this country.
For me, photography is not just about exposing film, it's about exposing the viewer to something new, a place they haven't gone before, but most importantly, to people that they might be afraid of.
My aim is to take a simple portrait of anyone who's anything other than 100 percent straight or feels like they fall in the LGBTQ spectrum in any way.
My goal is to show the humanity that exists in every one of us through the simplicity of a face.
Sparking empathy had become the backbone of Self Evident Truths.
After traveling so much and meeting so many people, let me tell you, there are just as many jerks and sweethearts and Democrats and Republicans and jocks and queens and every other polarization you can possibly think of within the LGBT community as there are within the human race.
Last year you worked at a local art museum, helping organize their collection and giving tours to visitors.
So, you email him and learn that the photographer's wife's cousin publishes a sustainability magazine, which employs a staff writer who pitches on a local baseball team with an umpire who, wait for it, is an organic farmer.
For the first time in my life,
The calves were bulky blocks of metal with pipes bolted together for the ankles and a yellow rubber foot with the raised rubber line from the toe to the ankle to look like a vein.
And that is when a new chapter in my life began.
Four months later I was back up on a snowboard, although things didn't go quite as expected: my knees and my ankles wouldn't bend and at one point I traumatized all the skiers on the chair lift --
In general, that seems like a funny cartoon, but let's look what online survey I did.
You really sold a cartoon to the fucking New Yorker magazine.] (Laughter)
So I'm a humor analyst, you would say.
It's like this, like an amusement park.
It would not be with a guy with a bomb saying,  Too snug?
Or there was another cartoon I didn't show because actually I thought maybe people would be offended.
Could lead to more productivity. COuld lead to more wealth, more, a larger pie for everyone.
Pull me out of the aircrash
Since we're in Edinburgh, I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
So picture Bell sitting in the outpatient department, students all around him, patients signing up in the emergency room and being registered and being brought in.
Bell says,  What sort of crossing did you have on the ferry from Burntisland?
I picked up her Fife accent.
And finally, she has a dermatitis on the fingers of her right hand, a dermatitis that is unique to the linoleum factory workers in Burntisland.
And his father used to go down into the basement to tap on the sides of casks of wine to determine how much wine was left and whether to reorder.
And that is how stethoscope and auscultation was born.
Would he have substituted a computer screen for where he had the patient?
It had a beautiful facility, giant atrium, valet parking, a piano that played itself, a concierge that took you around from here to there.
We signal the passage of a life with rituals.
Neither of us could skip this ritual, which had nothing to do with detecting rales in the lung, or finding the gallop rhythm of heart failure.
What do you think zero to the first power is going to be?
So this ratio here says that we have 92 cans of soda for every 28 people.
Once in a lifetime the longed-for tidal wave of justice can rise up, and hope and history rhyme.
Watch, this spring, for Paul Hawken's new book -- Author and entrepreneur many of you may know about.
And when it comes out, a series of wiki sites under the label WlSER, are going to launch at the same time.
Second category is online philanthropy marketplaces.
These funds are to philanthropy what venture capital, private equity, and eventually mutual funds are to investing, but with a twist -- because often a community forms around these funds, as it has at Acumen and other places.
Xigi is a new community site that's built by the community,
Now, what's really interesting here is that we're not thinking our way into a new way of acting; we're acting our way into a new way of thinking.
Words like  philanthrocapitalism,  and  natural capitalism,  and  philanthroentrepreneur,  and  venture philanthropy.
And as we've heard here, it is no exaggeration to say that we hold the future of our civilization in our hands as never before.
The war in Vietnam was raging; the Civil Rights Movement was under way; and pictures had a powerful influence on me.
I saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, specifically visual journalism, can bring into focus both the benefits and the cost of political policies.
10 IRA prisoners were in the process of starving themselves to death in protest against conditions in jail.
In Guatemala, the central government -- controlled by a oligarchy of European decent -- was waging a scorched Earth campaign against an indigenous rebellion, and I saw an image that reflected the history of Latin America: conquest through a combination of the Bible and the sword.
A destroyed tank belonging to Somoza's national guard was left as a monument in a park in Managua, and was transformed by the energy and spirit of a child.
Without the political will to find common ground, the continual friction of tactic and counter-tactic only creates suspicion and hatred and vengeance, and perpetuates the cycle of violence.
A mosque in northern Bosnia was destroyed by Serbian artillery and was used as a makeshift morgue.
The Bosnian soldier who guided me told me that all of his friends were there now.
One of the things I had to learn as a journalist was what to do with my anger.
The international community responded with massive humanitarian relief, and hundreds of thousands of more lives were saved.
The next day I left for Rwanda, and it was like taking the express elevator to hell.
Perhaps because a lesson had been learned by the weak response to the war in Bosnia and the failure in Rwanda, when Serbia attacked Kosovo, international action was taken much more decisively.
NATO forces went in, and the Serbian army withdrew.
An aluminum factory in Czechoslovakia was filled with carcinogenic smoke and dust, and four out of five workers came down with cancer.
I've been working on a long project on crime and punishment in America.
A prisoner on a chain gang in Alabama was punished by being handcuffed to a post in the midday sun.
This is a helicopter medic giving CPR to a soldier who had been shot in the head.
After enduring extreme pain and trauma, the wounded face a grueling physical and psychological struggle in rehab.
One day in rehab someone, started talking about surfing and all these guys who'd never surfed before said,  Hey, let's go.
My TED wish: there's a vital story that needs to be told, and I wish for TED to help me gain access to it and then to help me come up with innovative and exciting ways to use news photography in the digital era.
So here are the details.
He's acting as a human fuselage, so to say.
It's about 300 km per hour before looping.
And you don't look like a crazy guy; you're a Swiss airline pilot, so you're rather a checklist kind of guy.
In a fighter, you have an ejection seat.
So I have the approach of a professional pilot with the respect of a pioneer in front of Mother Nature.
If there are fewer pages displaying than what you have in your site, make sure we can find and crawl your content and that it delivers value to users.
If you've recently purchased your domain, it might not be performing well because it formally contained spamming or problematic content.
If you believe this could be the case, you'll want to log in to web master tools, add and verify your new site, then file a reconsideration request noting this information.
Adding a navigational bar or a menu to your site is a popular and clean way to improve site navigation.
Go ahead and select the paper clip icon, attach image or file.
Now when you click on this icon a new window will pop up asking you to select a brand new twitter profile.
Now a link for the image will pop up, go ahead and type out your messaging and select which networks you'd like to post this message to.
Internally, you might shock their internal system.
In extreme cases guys have been known to strike someone in the front and then it injures their back.
So we are going to use the same code essentially, actually let me just copy and paste,
And this is part of the for-loop.
It is a good lesson that seldom on the first try does something work perfectly.
It gave me the factorial of 3 and what's cool now is because now my python interpreter is assuming that this definition has been made
Because the fact is that a year after losing the use of their legs, and a year after winning the lotto, lottery winners and paraplegics are equally happy with their lives.
The research that my laboratory has been doing, that economists and psychologists around the country have been doing, has revealed something really quite startling to us, something we call the  impact bias,  which is the tendency for the simulator to work badly. For the simulator to make you believe that different outcomes are more different than in fact they really are.
Harry S. Langerman uttered these words, and he's somebody you might have known but didn't, because in 1949 he read a little article in the paper about a hamburger stand owned by two brothers named McDonalds.
So he went to find them. They said,  We can give you a franchise on this for 3,000 bucks.
We did this experiment with a group of patients who had anterograde amnesia. These are hospitalized patients.
These are normal controls, where if I did this with you, all of you would know which print you chose.
Embereket láttunk rohanni New York és Washington utcáin, hazafiaskodó amerikai szlogeneket harsogva, úgy lengetve zászlóikat, mint valami szekta tagjai, dicsőítve egy másik emberi lény halálát. Íme egy újabb vetülete a  modern társadalom  nevet viselő betegségnek.
In this video, we're going to look at how to draw a dot structure, which has a simple organic molecule, which has single bonds.
So, if I look at the molecular formula,
CH4, which is methane.
Remember from general chemistry, valence electrons are the electrons on the outer-most energy level.
It does look like waffles indeed...
Hi. It's David Armando and we're going to try to record these things once a week to let you see our pretty faces and let you know what's going on in the course.
Just to clarify, this isn't a web programming class, it's software engineering.
They actually prefer the Berkeley YouTube version of these or the Berkeley iTune version of these to the course version of them so we thought we'd tell you how to do that, see if you'd like it.
But I have to say, to those of you who have had a positive attitude about it and you're, you're kind of working around the difficulties and bearing with us, we really appreciate it.
And my hope is that we're going to have some interviews with some software professionals and mini-celebrities here in the Bay area.
So stay tuned for the first episode of Sass
- It's a big planet, with many different continents which results in many different human beings seperate from each others, then when they met, the most degenerate thought they were superior then everybody, there was mass killings, and now it is the degenerates who dominate everything.
- Their brain must be the size of a sheep's poo. - It's useless to go there.
- But we could've put it a little manure on their lettuce.
And if we wanted to solve for x, and I'll just do that, because it'll be convenient later, we can multiply both sides of this equation by A and you get A sine of beta is equal to x.
But it also acts like a kind of relay station that re-radiates and redirects information to many other parts of the brain.
And so we can compare and contrast the big ideas.
These are techniques that can be used to be -- that can be applied in a wide range of problem solving.
And, by the way, this is the way in which we develop and formulate strategy within Autodesk, in some of our organizations and some of our divisions.
The  teacher  has in front of him a row of levers labeled from 15 to 450 volts and a row of switches labeled from slight to severe shock.
A scientist is with the teacher.
That's me, Jack or Dumb Jack if you will doing my daily routine.
Rewind to a disreputable hotel
But somehow that turned into permanent numbness everyone is seeking ever stronger sensations and thrills ecstasy or epiphany the strongest is pain.
Calm down son, calm down
Ed lives in a housing project in East New York and makes money as a locksmith.
It's top of the line
They work just like a giant geen house.
Pounding over acres and acres of wild plants, and then growing only corn, for example, is better for live in all planet all around.
Today, a coal or a gas powerplant simply uses coal or gas to heat their water into steam.
Below the earth's crost is a very hot core of melting rock and metal.
The cost of lifting the pencil and marking a  V  is higher than the possible benefit of the decision, so that's why we get this effect.
They do have a head start, but when the sun comes up, the heat will slow 'em down.
Taking on a vampire at night is a mission for morons and fools. which are you?
Fuel's all gone, we can't drive it like this anyway.
Let that be a lesson to ya, you cowardly Barbarois animal.
I'm sure that the young lady would like to freshen up.
You're so selfish, Meier.
Mind giving me a ride just as far as the next town?
Spatial reasoning is deeply connected to how we understand a lot of the world around us.
And Siftables are an example of a new ecosystem of tools for manipulating digital information.
One of the interesting implications on interaction, we started to realize, was that we could use everyday gestures on data, like pouring a color the way we might pour a liquid.
There are effects that you can control live, like reverb and filter.
So the thought I want to leave you with is that we're on the cusp of this new generation of tools for interacting with digital media that are going to bring information into our world on our terms.
The vectors as you get closer, get bigger and bigger. And let me zoom in.
So when a thought is powerful, it's because it has a lot of belief in it. And so temporarily, you the Beingness, is hypnotized by your own fascination.
It is possible that even in the fiercest pulsation of any thought or emotion or any activity, it is recognized that nothing can remove what is, anytime that [happens].
I'm going to make a very cute marshmallow for you to give to your friends...
The most important thing is that you don't let anything stick to the border of the pan cause it'll burn and it will be ugly.
This is a thermometer for only those who wish to make a sugar soft ball.
The water over there's boiled, now we just drain the gelatine, get a lot of water out and i'll take it to melt on the stove.
Don't let the gelatine become too hot!
Marshmallow looks like something super pop and modern, but actually it was consumed as candy during the times of the ancient Egypt, did you know that?
They used to use the roots of this plant, but today the flowers are used to prepare cough syrup for kids because the real marshmallow is good for that.
And then add a little bit of cognac in the end, shall we?
We actually have Connections with Hesean's theogony that we can isolate and, and label in many different traditions around the ancient near-east especially.
It's a story of the creation of the universe, and serves as a justification, justification for the supremacy of, of, of their highest god.
I'll get my sleeve back.
Right? A syringe with some inert -- a couple CCs of some inert something, and you inject this into a patient ...
This is a seven-inch hatpin.
Listen, if you happen to raise any money out of this, we'll gladly take it.  (Laughter)
And I appreciate this moment to come up on this stage with so many people who've already given me so much solace, and just say to TEDsters:
So he starts with 531 tomatoes let me give myself a little more space to work with -- he starts with 531 tomatoes and he is able to sell 176.
I like this one from the Belgian field office, where we met in a roundabout, precisely because the roundabout iconified the headless social movement that informs much social transformation, as opposed to the top-down control of red light traffic intersections.
This was vodka and solution, gin and solution.
Somehow buying a local lettuce, changing a light bulb, driving the speed limit, changing your tires regularly, doesn't seem sufficient in the face of climate crisis.
It's built as a barn raising, using open source hardware.
And what I want to show you is -- actually this is one of the components of it that we've just recently been testing -- which is a solar chimney -- we have got 17 of them now put around New York at the moment -- that passively draws air up.
And every green space we create is an invitation for non-humans to cohabit with us.
That's the sound of genetic mutations of the avian flu becoming a deadly human flu.
It looks like this: buoys that float on the water, project three foot up, three foot down.
And then you can also text the fish.
Your user profile is what other members of your organization see, and you can easily edit it by selecting the pencil icon next to your name.
Japan and the post [inaudible] can have incredibly high growth.
And as you advance technology and you increase that A term, then it makes sense to.
Graphical user interface is a fancy term for new screen layout
End Mill and Spot Drill
Well, I've got my offsets set now so I need to load my program
The  Remaining  timer uses the information from the  Last Cycle  timer to display the time remaining in a program
The new user settable  Operation Timers and Set-Up  page has been added to current commands
There is no change to the alarm message display other than the added quick-key help screens
A big gasoline truck came screaming right across the road.
[Radio announcer, obscured by noises in room:] Our newsmen have been on the telephone talking with officials in other cities [Radio announcer, sound obscured by noises in room:] have determined that none of this kind of mass murder has yet been reported [Radio announcer, sound obscured by noises in room:] west of the Mississippi River, except in the extreme southeastern portion of Texas.
[Radio announcer:] ... Consistent reports from witnesses to the affected people who acted as though they were in a kind of trance
What we have to do is knock off this fantasy of being citizens inside a democratic state what we are are the propaganda for masses inside a fascist dictatorship
Physio Radiance is an absolutely hypoallergenic, unisex, and high-end anti-aging skin care treatment that teaches your skin to self-regulate, self-regenerate and self-repair.
He then plucks it like a lyre at which point the suitors start to take note.
Oh my gosh, this guy can string the bow maybe there is something to him.
Then Telemachus also urges that Medon, a loyal herald be spared.
How did we design the algorithms to do this?
This maneuver is going to happen so quickly that we can't use position feedback to correct the motion during execution.
Actually, our wave is moving to the right, but the actual medium is moving up and down.
Hover over the tweet and hit the reply arrow.
You have to be connected to the internet continuously for 45 minutes, that's how long these exams take.
The four differing nucleotide parts, called bases, are made of a few carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen and phosphorus atoms, and the molecules look like this.
You can think of DNA as a great library of information, information that is used to do one thing and one thing only: direct the building of different protein molecules.
In the last few years progress has been made in this area.
UNESCO estimates that about 5000 children die every day as a result. Overall about 3,5 million people die every year due to lack of clean drinking water.
And so once again, pause it if you don't want any more hints.
But this guy might just see, OK how many green hats are there, and how many purple hats are there?
Roger and his team were working on a way to detect cancer, and they had a very clever molecule that they had come up with.
And the cool thing about fluorescence is that it's not only bright, it actually can shine through tissue.
Sentinel lymph node dissection has really changed the way that we manage breast cancer, melanoma.
Basically, we've come up with a way to stain tissue and color-code the surgical field.
You decide that it would be cool to color the sides, so you get out a highlighter and make one yellow.
You decide to start a flexagon commitee together to explore the mysteries of flexagation.
They'll call it the blue forehead room. And let's see, that's kind of a top view of the room. And let's say there's a door here.
(Laughter) So actually, I took a carton of orange juice and I poured it in the glass to take this picture.
Or look at Google. If you type in, oh say,  emotion and design,  you get 10 pages of results.
So then the sample space, all of the different things that could happen is just all of the N different choices for a pivot, assuming the array has length N. So we can represent the sample space just as integers one, two all the way up to N, corresponding to the array index, of the randomly chosen pivot.
And I think it's a good tool to have in your toolkit in case you've never seen it before.
Rhodes Scholars, who've studied at Harvard or at Princeton, and yet, you go down to downtown Kingston, and you are looking at one of the most depressing sites that you can see in any middle-income country in the world: a dismal, depressing landscape of burnt and half-abandoned buildings.
And when I have conversations with people, I remember having a conversation, for example, in Iraq, with a community that asked me whether the riot we were seeing in front of us, this was a huge mob ransacking a provincial council building, was a sign of the new democracy.
It's not that it guarantees peace with itself or with its neighbors.
And the second thing we should do is understand the genius of our societies.
- I don't get why anybody would be mad!
- (Finebros) Do you know what being gay means? - No. - A boy likes a boy and a girl likes a girl.
- (Finebros) No, not a gate. - Or a Golden Gay Bridge?
- You shouldn't have to be any different than regular marriage, even though in our society it is. - My friends talk about it all the time. They use the word  gay  as something else.
- Because they know people are mean about it and they don't want to be bullied.
You can't read minds, you can't tell if someone likes you or not so... yeah, just deal with it.
The surprise of Odysseus's about to spring on them would be completely lost.
If the real Odysseus ever does come back, he's going to be careful about whether he should come in just waltz right in here, or come back in disguise because things are a little bit off in his household.
She's sitting listening and the next thing we hear Homer saying is, but as for supper, what could be less enticing than what a goddess and powerful man would spread before them soon a groaning feast for they'd be first to plot their vicious crimes.
This is that piece installed in a gallery in New York -- those are my parents looking at the piece.
The tobacco lobby, it's too strong.
And the solution I offer is to the biggest culprit in this massive mistreatment of the earth by humankind, and the resulting decline of the biosphere.
As an industrial engineer, cum aspiring and then successful entrepreneur.
After founding my company, Interface, from scratch in 1973, 36 years ago, to produce carpet tiles in America for the business and institution markets, and shepherding it through start-up and survival to prosperity and global dominance in its field,
They went on to describe me as America's greenest CEO.
No amount of advertising, no clever marketing campaign, at any price, could have produced or created this much goodwill.
And I myself met this person in the early days of this mountain climb.
And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community, which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
From the bookbinder to the next pub,
That we'd walk on the green grass together.
A minute later, Tyotka was sitting in a sleigh, next to the master.
Wow, in the suitcase is something very heavy!
Next to Luca Alexandrovich, was Fedyushka, with his father's cap on his head.
Without GPS. The robot I'm holding in my hand is this one, and it's been created by two students,
So this robot is actually equipped with a camera, and a laser rangefinder, laser scanner.
It's my contention that going to work on Friday in jeans and [a] T-shirt isn't really getting to the nub of the issue.
I then walked him up the hill to the local cafe, and we shared a pizza for two, then walked down the hill to our home, and I gave him his bath and put him in his Batman pajamas.
i think that this is an incredible final time for artist there is no cap on creativity the technological advances have given the artist an open door to creating as much as their capacity will allow
His kneeling posture reflects his shame and degradation.
Everything, *including the message, *is clear...**
It conflates debauchery with downfall: the prodigal son sports a sword and plays the flute, while his fate is foreshadowed by the pigs at his feet.
Expensively dressed, brandishing a glass, in a richly furnished brothel, with a harlot on his knee, the prodigal son invites us to savour the pleasures of the flesh ... ... including this peacock, symbol of opulence and vanity!
Even if this is nothing new ... other painters portray themselves in taverns... Rembrandt gives the harlot the features of Saskia van Uylenburgh, his own wife!
His Protestant faith dictates that he open his heart to God, but ask for nothing: God alone, in his infinite freedom, will grant him grace or withhold it.
Here is a remote island repository for bottles off the coast of Baja California.
A four-month old Laysan Albatross chick died with this in its stomach.
In spite of my  girly man  hat, crocheted from plastic shopping bags, they shook my hand. (Laughter)
What about that ridiculous wig Reinaldo was wearing?
You wouldn't believe it if it was in a film. Stuff like this just doesn't happen in real life.
This place cost me a fortune.
True. But I'm not sure catching a bouquet is the answer.
What a great sense of timing!
Go, ask that jerk in the glasses.
Only a fearless and determined heart will get the gold medal.
She walked elegantly, like a giraffe on the African savannah, holding the flag on her shoulder.
She cuts the umbilical cord with a stick, and ties it with her own hair.
No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist -- although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.
Outside, there is a line of women who have waited several hours to be treated.
In a matter of five or six years, they have a forest, the soil is enriched, and the village is saved.
For every dollar given to a women's program, 20 dollars are given to men's programs.
Early example: the Sugarhill Gang samples the bass riff from Chic's  Good Times  in the 1979 hit  Rapper's Delight .
So in 1961 William Burroughs not only invents the term  heavy metal,  the brand of music Zeppelin and a few other groups would pioneer, he also produces an early remix.
By the mid-1970s Led Zeppelin are the biggest touring rock band in America, yet many critics and peers label them as rip-offs.
Dazed and Confused  features different lyrics but is clearly an uncredited cover of the same-titled song by Jake Holmes.
Most British blues groups were recording lots of covers, but unlike Zeppelin, they didn't claim to have written them.
And so, I thought this was an interesting idea, and I incorporated it into a design workshop. And it was a huge success.
It's a blog that you can look at how to build the marshmallows.
What is that?' And the guide says, 'Kangaroo.' - which means 'I don't know.' [Big laughter]
But, in the previous instances of those thesaurus entries, our language isn't allowing us to evolve into the reality that we would all want, the possibility of an individual to see themselves as capable.
A few years ago, I was in a food market in the town where I grew up in that red zone in northeastern Pennsylvania, and I was standing over a bushel of tomatoes. It was summertime:
The extraordinary thing is that he said he had saved newspaper clippings throughout my whole childhood, whether winning a second grade spelling bee, marching with the Girl Scouts, you know, the Halloween parade, winning my college scholarship, or any of my sports victories, and he was using it, and integrating it into teaching resident students, med students from Hahnemann Medical School and Hershey Medical School.
That there are some barriers to competition here, that allow for these monopoly rents that we talked about, and ultimately, that some industries are simply more profitable than others.
And you, yeah, sir, and members of the house will be forced to choose which one is which, sir.
While other river valley civilizations needed complicated and labor-intensive hydraulic engineering projects to irrigate crops, the Nile was so chill that Egyptians could use a simple form of water management called basin irrigation, in which farmers used floodwaters to fill earthen basins and canals for irrigation.
First, the rulers were outsiders, from downriver in Nubia.
They were able to conquer much of Egypt using superior military technology like bronze weapons and compound bows, and chariots of fire.
So, you can imagine that if we're really zoomed in on the surface of the heart and we're looking at the cardiac muscle tissue, if this person with this heart needed to go jogging and this cardiac muscle cell needed oxygen, they probably wouldn't be able to get the needed oxygen because of the stenosis which caused ischemia.
Look, Juan, listen how my son plays the violin.
This is a euphemism for stealing.
Because one phone alone is not worth it. (Laughter)
We are a small fishing tribe situated on the southeastern tip of Long Island near the town of Southampton in New York.
I found myself stalking a single type of giant cloud called the super cell, capable of producing grapefruit-size hail and spectacular tornadoes, although only two percent actually do.
JOHN CLARKE: $1 trillion dollars each.
Now, imagine each one of these varieties as being distinct from another about the same way as a poodle from a Great Dane.
The other thing is that maybe that Fowler apple or maybe a variety of wheat that's not economical right now has disease or pest resistance or some quality that we're going to need for climate change that the others don't.
What you see is an artist's conception of this facility, which is built in a mountain in Svalbard.
And I know that this tags me as a bit of a nerd, but ... (Laughter)
There's 70,000 samples of different varieties of rice in this facility right now.
It operates like a safety deposit box.
When someone says they want to be happy, this is an advantage, because we know that this person is lost. Happiness is intransitive, it's a compass pointing in all directions.
It's a traditional eukaryotic cell, but what I want to do is see what happens when a phagocyte encounters a foreign particle or a foreign bacteria.
The hurdy-gurdy is the only musical instrument that uses a crank to turn a wheel to rub strings, like the bow of a violin, to produce music.
If you get deviations from that whether in passive symptoms like hearing voices or anorexia or you get aggression, and you're out there hitting people, or killing people, or whatever it is - that shows a disturbance of the fundamentally healthy socialising function... and that needs treatment.
Is a small OS k-, kernel with
Say, some hollow tree; and then for morning calls and dinner-parties!
My brown bread will soon be gone.
The sport of digging the bait is nearly equal to that of catching the fish, when one's appetite is not too keen; and this you may have all to yourself today.
I think that I may warrant you one worm to every three sods you turn up, if you look well in among the roots of the grass, as if you were weeding.
I formerly saw the raccoon in the woods behind where my house is built, and probably still heard their whinnering at night.
Commonly I rested an hour or two in the shade at noon, after planting, and ate my lunch, and read a little by a spring which was the source of a swamp and of a brook, oozing from under Brister's Hill, half a mile from my field.
I took up the chip on which the three I have particularly described were struggling, carried it into my house, and placed it under a tumbler on my window- sill, in order to see the issue.
I could commonly hear the splash of the water when he came up, and so also detected him.
Digging one day for fishworms, I discovered the ground-nut (Apios tuberosa) on its string, the potato of the aborigines, a sort of fabulous fruit, which I had begun to doubt if I had ever dug and eaten in childhood, as I had told, and had not dreamed it.
In these days of fatted cattle and waving grain-fields this humble root, which was once the totem of an Indian tribe, is quite forgotten, or known only by its flowering vine; but let wild Nature reign here once more, and the tender and luxurious English grains will probably disappear before a myriad of foes, and without the care of man the crow may carry back even the last seed of corn to the great cornfield of the
Like the wasps, before I finally went into winter quarters in November, I used to resort to the northeast side of Walden, which the sun, reflected from the pitch pine woods and the stony shore, made the fireside of the pond; it is so much pleasanter and wholesomer to be warmed by the sun while you can be, than by an artificial fire.
Yet I passed some cheerful evenings in that cool and airy apartment, surrounded by the rough brown boards full of knots, and rafters with the bark on high overhead.
Nowadays the host does not admit you to his hearth, but has got the mason to build one for yourself somewhere in his alley, and hospitality is the art of keeping you at the greatest distance.
These are the little air-guns which contribute to make the ice crack and whoop.
In the course of the summer I had discovered a raft of pitch pine logs with the bark on, pinned together by the Irish when the railroad was built.
Gilpin, in his account of the forest borderers of England, says that  the encroachments of trespassers, and the houses and fences thus raised on the borders of the forest,  were  considered as great nuisances by the old forest law, and were severely punished under the name of purprestures, as tending ad terrorem ferarum--ad nocumentum forestae, etc.,  to the frightening of the game and the detriment of the forest.
Mechanics and tradesmen who come in person to the forest on no other errand, are sure to attend the wood auction, and even pay a high price for the privilege of gleaning after the woodchopper.
Though mainly but a humble route to neighboring villages, or for the woodman's team, it once amused the traveller more than now by its variety, and lingered longer in his memory.
Cato's half-obliterated cellar-hole still remains, though known to few, being concealed from the traveller by a fringe of pines.
I had just sunk my head on this when the bells rung fire, and in hot haste the engines rolled that way, led by a straggling troop of men and boys, and I among the foremost, for I had leaped the brook.
Neither were they rich in worldly goods, holding the land by sufferance while they lived; and there often the sheriff came in vain to collect the taxes, and  attached a chip,  for form's sake, as I have read in his accounts, there being nothing else that he could lay his hands on.
I had read of the potter's clay and wheel in Scripture, but it had never occurred to me that the pots we use were not such as had come down unbroken from those days, or grown on trees like gourds somewhere, and I was pleased to hear that so fictile an art was ever practiced in my neighborhood.
It was overrun with Roman wormwood and beggar-ticks, which last stuck to my clothes for all fruit.
The skin of a woodchuck was freshly stretched upon the back of the house, a trophy of his last Waterloo; but no warm cap or mittens would he want more.
These cellar dents, like deserted fox burrows, old holes, are all that is left where once were the stir and bustle of human life, and  fate, free will, foreknowledge absolute,  in some form and dialect or other were by turns discussed.
There was only a narrow slit left between their lids, by which he preserved a peninsular relation to me; thus, with half- shut eyes, looking out from the land of dreams, and endeavoring to realize me, vague object or mote that interrupted his visions.
We made many a  bran new  theory of life over a thin dish of gruel, which combined the advantages of conviviality with the clear-headedness which philosophy requires.
I think that he should keep a caravansary on the world's highway, where philosophers of all nations might put up, and on his sign should be printed,  Entertainment for man, but not for his beast.
There, far from the village street, and except at very long intervals, from the jingle of sleigh-bells, I slid and skated, as in a vast moose-yard well trodden, overhung by oak woods and solemn pines bent down with snow or bristling with icicles.
I also heard the whooping of the ice in the pond, my great bed-fellow in that part of
They waited in silence while he skinned the fox, then followed the brush a while, and at length turned off into the woods again.
That evening a Weston squire came to the Concord hunter's cottage to inquire for his hounds, and told how for a week they had been hunting on their own account from
Stratton was a sergeant in the old French war, and would not have got credit for hunting less noble game.
It is hardly as if you had seen a wild creature when a rabbit or a partridge bursts away, only a natural one, as much to be expected as rustling leaves.
Mania is a distinct period of abnormally and persistently elevated, expansive, or irritable mood, and abnormally and persistently increased activity or energy
I see the slogan that is everywhere which says that,
Brainwaves allow braincells to tune in to the frequency corresponding to their particular task, while ignoring irrelevant signals, similar to how radio homes in different waves to pick up radio stations. The transfer of information between neurons becomes optimal when their activity is synchronized. This is the same reason why we experience cognitive dissonance, the frustration caused by simultaneously holding in contradictory ideas.
What we traditionally call  selfish tendencies  is only a narrow interpretation of what self-serving behavior entrails, wherein human characteristics are perceived through the flawed paradigm of identity... instead of through a scientific view on what we are: a momentaly expression of an ever-changing unity with no center. The psychological consequences of this as an objective belief system allow self-awareness without attachment to the imagined self, causing dramatic increases in mental clarity, social conscience, self-regulation and what's often described as 'being in the moment'. The common cultural belief has mostly been that we need a narrative, a diachronic view on our life, to establish moral values.
But from that area, the message cascades into a structure called the amygdala in the limbic system, the emotional core of the brain, and that structure, called the amygdala, gauges the emotional significance of what you're looking at.
It's a lovely example of the sort of thing we do: take a bizarre, seemingly incomprehensible, neural psychiatric syndrome and say that the standard Freudian view is wrong, that, in fact, you can come up with a precise explanation in terms of the known neural anatomy of the brain.
And this is a serious clinical problem.
The brain drain -- where all of the most educated and qualified leave and never come back.
It's the dependence on farm subsidies and under-performing schools and higher poverty rates in rural areas than in urban.
It has one in three of its children living in poverty, and it's what is referred to as a  rural ghetto.
Bunn's Barbecue being my absolute favorite.
And in Match Me, you take the class, divide it into two teams, one team on each side of the playground, and the teacher will take a piece of chalk and just write a number on each of the tires.
We have this word in Fiji-Hindi Called  Talanoa
And this is actually how a barometer works; this is something that measures pressure.
So the balance of your bank account doesn't actually represent the money that the bank is holding on your behalf. It just shows that they have a legal obligation -- or liability -- to repay you the money at some point in the future.
So, just like in the Granovetter model we're going to have a threshold, and there's going to be a threshold in which I stand up but it is going to be somewhat different.
Alright, fitness and health, if you want to get a group of people of society even to become more healthy, that's a lot like a standing ovation.
And I loved that sense, so I started skating when I was about 10 years old, in 1977, and when I did, I picked it up pretty quickly.
The crazy thing was, there was a really liberating sense about it, because I no longer had to protect my record as a champion.
It would give out on me, and I would watch the guys, I'd go to this warehouse where a lot of the guys were skating, my friends, and I was like,
Every single one of these guys, you look at them, you can see a silhouette of them, and you realize,
You can be a Linux kernel hacker, make it more stable, right?
Diseases as common as depression, trauma, and phobia often aren't caught in prison reception screenings, and once in prison, the chances of getting adequate treatment plummet because the system doesn't have the capacity for it, and because the environment is more punitive then rehabilitative.
This interesting dynamic behavior in such a few day but I'm going through this whole thing, the power of the situation.
When you hop on the train the lines aren't incredibly long, when you go the grocery store, when you go to the dry cleaners, it's not incredibly crowded nor is it particularly empty?
Spatially, in terms of distance between you know how close one product or one policy is closest to my ideal preferences. Okay?
And this formula, right here, for solving any quadratic equation is called the quadratic formula.
Or asked a store employee to check their system for a special item?
Now, he records his lessons from a converted closet in the back of his bedroom.
Since 2007 every other month the city closes down the busiest streets for traffic and converts it into a playground for children and childhood.
Well, as the title says, I believe automation has been eroding human labour, that means that means works we do, usually, evermore faster; and it will increase in speed.
It's even more difficult in Edinburgh because you have to count all the whisky and the tartan.
Should they recover in a specialized cardiac unit in hospital, or should they recover at home?
They knew that their hospitals were the right place for patients, and they knew it was very unethical to run any kind of trial or experiment.
Plutonium has been found on site as a very fine powdery dust and another element called americium has been found in New England
Well, if it were just hydrogen a hydrogen-oxygen reaction would create water and when that happens, the sound wave travels at the speed of sound and it's a deflagration that's what happened in Unit 1
You think I want to meet up with that motherfucking hood?
Her favorite was   Big Boy   . One day, he grew very big!
Shorts and a shirt?
The war was an excuse for everything.
Well, we're usually so bombarded with constant requests by other people, with this device, you can shut off the Internet connectivity of your PC of choice for a pre-set amount of time, to actually get some work done.
This is Buster setting up a pull-up machine at the office of his new start-up, Habit Labs, where they're trying to build other applications like  Health Month  for people.
We had to keep it secret from our industrial designer until she actually accepted the job, and then she almost ran away screaming.
When grabbed, it triggers a silent alarm.
People literally were fighting each other in front of the freezer, you know, in front of the cooler section of their local store because they wanted the old Coke back.
Are science and religion compatible?
In 1976, where there was a whole movement to get NASA to photograph that area because people thought this was monumental architecture made by Martians.
This casino paid $28,500 on eBay for the cheese sandwich.
There's a ReverseSpeech.com web page where I downloaded this stuff.
I'm so embarrassed. I was in the astronomy club.
This is a case about the creation of a Magnet Middle School with a new kind of curriculum that will hopefully serve a struggling population.
These parents were not afraid to tell the teachers what to do and to check up to see what they did.
The adult literacy rate in China is 77 percent as compared with 48 percent in India.
And so many of our institutions, even football, which used to be a pleasant pastime, now causes riots where people even die.
You might think that people getting home to the real point of life in a robust material culture would go home to a colossal banquet or an orgy of love-making or a riot of music and dancing; But nothing of the kind.
- At least pot does something for you. Oh.
That's like rolle r-skating-rink-... birthday-party pizza. No.
Beatbox is the original instrument.
Now, the  kick  is the kick drum on the bottom and it makes the loud bass sound.
Versus an other type of regime that we are familiar with, but I don't want you to forget, around the world, that is the agrarian dynasty.
This virtuous cycle begins to take off.
So we have to pull in a new APl.
The other tool we'll use is the dom shot library which can get a graphical snapshot of the specific dom node.
Oh man. Cut scout's mic!
The tool change arm will rotate in reverse and put the tools back into the carousel and spindle
I'm going to leave my old code down here so you can compare it a little bit, but then I'll delete it because I don't want the same thing to be run twice.
Well, that's the same:  print 'sum' .
So when you put this hash tag, it essentially comments out that line.
But casinos and the lottery every day operate on this principle that if you take enough people-- sure, in the short-term or with a few samples, a couple people might beat the house.
The average plant food does indeed have over a 1,000 units of antioxidant power, but for comparison's sake, just to be fair to the animal foods, I'm going to choose the least healthy plant food I can think of: good old American iceberg lettuce, which I think of as basically just water.
But, malaria -- even the million deaths a year caused by malaria greatly understate its impact.
And in fact, these free courses could not only be available just on the Internet, but you could make it so that DVDs were always available, and so anybody who has access to a DVD player can have the very best teachers.
This is the first campaign of its kind at the UN. We want to try and galvanize as many men and boys as possible to be advocates for change.
See, cows are ruminants - meaning they create methane gas when they digest food.
Cow manure also creates nitrous oxide, which has 300 times the global warming effect of CO2.
There's been a lot of folklore developed around the ocean, mostly negative.
I kind of give my turtle hands just to make them an easier cartoon character to work with.
I've taken them camping in the kelp forests of California.
You see, it used to be that if you wanted to make a record of a song, you needed a studio and a producer.
Today, every day, 9,000 more Africans will catch HlV because of stigmatization and lack of education.
Actually, I come from punk rock.
Because if you can get the gene for green fluorescent protein and deliver it to a cell, that cell will glow green -- or any of the many variants now of green fluorescent protein, you get a cell to glow many different colors.
And instead of applying feeble human minds to designing these tools from scratch, there were these ready-made solutions right out there in nature developed and refined steadily for millions of years by the greatest engineer of all.
For what it's worth, Sir Isaac Newton, the greatest scientist who ever lived, he thought Jesus came to Earth specifically to operate the levers of gravity.
We use Ruby on Rails, is the official name, its nickname is Rails.
You could have good sleep hygiene.
But in fact it does make a difference, and in fact there's one particular nerd who has been a particularly effective altruist because he got this.
Here's one risk of extinction that we all became aware of recently, when an asteroid passed close to our planet.
Don't tell me that is not important: a boy, now I'm going to use quite a rash expression, armed with an smartphone connected to Internet and angry with another boy.
Well, maybe you missed the whole part back there where I saved you and Papa Geppetto here from a whole bunch of Russian bad guys.
Marcia is using a straightedge and compass to do the construction below. Interesting.
We need to look at new areas where there is no data available, to improve our knowledge of the cetacean distribution in the Archipelago.
Knewton is a data-mining and adaptive learning platform that allows anybody, anywhere to upload content.
One of the revolutions that we're going to see is where less and less of education is about a conveyer of content, because that is going to be a commodity, and hopefully one that's going to be available to everyone around the world.
Open your notebook and figure it out for yourself.
Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter
Now you're trying to reach a billion people on World Humanitarian Day
Normally the testes should make testosterone, the male hormone.
But what atrazine does is it turns on an enzyme, the machinery if you will, aromatase, that converts testosterone into estrogen.
It's a very profound notion to know that we as women are at the vanguard of this.
Another keystone species is a famous animal called the European aurochs.
Well, the National Review calls Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek
Can I get some coffee with cream, please?  And the waiter answers him,
All this—all this for to raise our spirit, left, liberal, pseudo-Hollywood Marxism thrillers like Pelican's Brief, All the President's Men, which may appear very critical, you know, like,
Because why do you exit the movie theater in such high spirits after seeing, I don't know,
There's a complication with those documents and another group of documents, so we are under a type of blackmail in relation to these documents, that is very— that will be dealt with over time, but it is quite difficult to deal with at the moment.
And the two of us together, someone's right to speak and someone's right to know, produce a right to communicate, and so that is the the grounding structure for all that we treasure about civilized life.
And I just wanted to ask if you are seeing this as a change of approach with your legal team in dealing with your possible extradition to Sweden?
But actually, what it seems to be talking about, if you think about it, given the reality that three people a day are extradited from this country to the rest of Europe, is a mutual recognition of the elite in each country in the E.U.
First, I cannot but restrain from making an obscene— lovingly obscene—remark of how, when you said you were staying with the Miss of Egypt, no, I hope there will be some American fundamentalist who will say,  Ah, now everything is clear.
The observatory had just acquired a new book, written by a Russian cosmologist by the name of Joseph Shklovsky, and then expanded and translated and edited by a little-known Cornell astronomer by the name of Carl Sagan.
That's a degree of an improvement that would look good on your report card, okay?
Polls taken, this poll was taken 10 years ago.
And instead of the electron being in orbits around it, which would be how a planet orbits the sun. Instead of being in orbits around it, it's described by orbitals, which are these probability density functions.
Then you fill another electron, and we'll talk about spin and things like that in the future.
And then if you keep taking a bunch of observations, you're going to have something that looks like this bell shape, this barbell shape right there.
Win a FPS battle in Dust, help define who controls a sector in EVE or what resources are available to EVE players.
So not only do you have the man wearing the top hat, a member of the bourgeoisie, of the middle class, but next to him is a craftsmen—a workman— in his shirt sleeves, who probably can't afford that nice rifle.
Now it's also a beautiful opera, and we're moved by that opera.
But he retracted it immediately, for the contact felt like a cold shower all over him.
He was already in the hall, and given the sudden movement with which he finally pulled his foot out of the living room, one could have believed that he had just burned the sole of his foot.
Gregor realized that he must not under any circumstances allow the manager to go away in this frame of mind, especially if his position in the firm was not to be placed in the greatest danger.
She did not find him immediately, but when she noticed him under the couch--God, he had to be somewhere or other, for he could hardly fly away--she got such a shock that, without being able to control herself, she slammed the door shut once again from the outside.
It now seemed really clear that, having assumed they were to hear a beautiful or entertaining violin recital, they were disappointed and were allowing their peace and quiet to be disturbed only out of politeness.
She had held onto the violin and bow in her limp hands for a little while and had continued to look at the sheet music as if she was still playing.
The two others kept their hands behind them and constantly rubbed them against each other, as if in joyful anticipation of a great squabble which must end up in their favour.
In the hall all three of them took their hats from the coat rack, pulled their canes from the cane holder, bowed silently, and left the apartment.
Then all three left the apartment together, something they had not done for months now, and took the electric tram into the open air outside the city.
And you couldn't all sit, sort of in a little ring around the computer. It's so we would have phones in our offices and we would, you know, work in our office, just like I'm working in my office right now. But there wasn't enough computation [inaudible], any work in my office so I had to connect to something outside.
It'd make, I thought, maybe a nice epilogue to all my research.
Damiens the regicide was condemned to make the 'Amende Honorable' before the main door of the church of Paris, where he was to be taken and conveyed in a cart wearing nothing but a shirt, holding a torch of burning wax weighing two pounds.
Making use of a disused cellar wing of [a] Stanford University building, he and some colleagues constructed a rudimentary cell block with locks on the door and secret audio surveillance so that inmates could be monitored for their reactions to the environment and other inmates.
Now, seguewaying into punishment and its effects, I suggested that the violence of the penal system encourages the violence of more crime, more social division, more social ills.
My mouth is already watering... (not!) ... and we will also make a lemon grass juice!
You can use it in several recipes if you want, or just make a green banana purée, anyway... anything you want you can make it.
Can you make pudding with green bananas?
Now just take it to the oven, it will sit there for 50 minutes and I will make the cocktail, that is not a cocktail, it's a lemon grass drink and I will be right back!
So, the predicted score on y was the regression constant, or the intercept, and the slope times an individual's score on x. So, that's just the, the formula for a
Leo, I forgot my jacket at your house.
And on today's show I'm going to make a vanilla cupcake with lemon curd filling...
Now I'm going to prepare a Swiss Meringue, to top the cupcakes with.
And I'm about to show you some stop-motion footage that I made recently where you'll see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the period of an hour.
Started with the rim, and then glued and nailed it up into a flat, corbeled it up and flipped it over, then did the two profiles on this side.
What it means is, for every perception we have, it needs to tally with the one like it before, or we don't have continuity, and we become a little bit disoriented.
So if I'm eating spaghetti, and I know I'm alone, I can eat like a backhoe. I can wipe my mouth on my sleeve, napkin on the table, chew with my mouth open, make little noises, scratch wherever I want.
Don't touch my designer jeans!
But the story is far more complicated, filled with imperial intrigue, corporate crisis, smuggling, and the grassroots origins of the American Revolution.
The American colonists had long believed that they were not subject to taxes imposed by legislature in which they lacked representation.
This first Continental Congress supported destruction of the tea, pledged to support a continued boycott, and went home in late October 1774 even more united in their determination to protect their rights and liberties.
Der Rosenkavalier,  a stunning match-winning goal in a World Cup soccer match,
Or just think about American jazz or American movies -- they go everywhere.
We need to reverse-engineer our present artistic tastes and preferences and explain how they came to be engraved in our minds by the actions of both our prehistoric,
This landscape shows up today on calendars, on postcards, in the design of golf courses and public parks and in gold-framed pictures that hang in living rooms from New York to New Zealand.
So the next time you pass a jewelry shop window displaying a beautifully cut teardrop-shaped stone, don't be so sure it's just your culture telling you that that sparkling jewel is beautiful.
Before we meet the vicious kidnapper who could blow our heads off?
So, if a star starts its life off with much more mass than the mass of the Sun, it's going to end its life by exploding and leaving behind these beautiful supernova remnants that we see here.
Because that is the way to suppress the energetic phenomena that we see in active galactic nuclei.
A black hole does not make a kind neighbor to a stellar nursery.
Imagine if we could create the world's first rating system, in which we could score foods according to their antiangiogenic, cancer-preventative properties.
She thought Mrs. Medlock the most disagreeable person she had ever seen, with her common, highly colored face and her common fine bonnet.
Mary sat in her corner of the railway carriage and looked plain and fretful.
Her black dress made her look yellower than ever, and her limp light hair straggled from under her black crepe hat.
It had been about a poor hunchback and a beautiful princess and it had made her suddenly sorry for Mr. Archibald Craven.
And she turned her face toward the streaming panes of the window of the railway carriage and gazed out at the gray rain-storm which looked as if it would go on forever and ever.
Then they had passed a church and a vicarage and a little shop-window or so in a cottage with toys and sweets and odd things set out for sale.
There's twelve of us an' my father only gets sixteen shilling a week.
He looked at the plump little scarlet- waistcoated bird as if he were both proud and fond of him.
She had just paused and was looking up at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind when she saw a gleam of scarlet and heard a brilliant chirp, and there, on the top of the wall, forward perched Ben
Sometimes they were pictures of dark, curious landscapes, but oftenest they were portraits of men and women in queer, grand costumes made of satin and velvet.
Yes, they are tiny growing things and they might be crocuses or snowdrops or daffodils,  she whispered.
He was very much pleased to see gardening begun on his own estate.
It's the strangest house any one ever lived in,  said Mary drowsily, as she dropped her head on the cushioned seat of the armchair near her.
Mary was not vain and as she had never thought much of her looks she was not greatly disturbed.
He flew on to the nearest currant bush and tilted his head and sang a little song right at him.
And on the trunk of the tree he leaned against, a brown squirrel was clinging and watching him, and from behind a bush nearby a cock pheasant was delicately stretching his neck to peep out, and quite near him were two rabbits sitting up and sniffing with tremulous noses--and actually it appeared as if they were all drawing near to watch him and listen to the strange low
They're the organ that, I guess, is most famous for producing or allowing us to excrete waste.
And why not use the Internet (Applause) to do exactly what I wanted to in the beginning, which was to play different instruments, like maybe the mandolin, or the harmonica.
The film broke records at the box office proving yet again, that women can lead successful blockbuster films.
Right, so for each value of theta one we wound up with a different value of J of theta one and we could then use this to trace out this plot on the right.
In another one, we said a woman enjoys masturbating with her favorite teddy bear cuddled next to her.
Take a look at this little tuft of capillaries.
The firing squad aimed, fired -- the general was dead.
And I realized that, when I'd left the country, free and fair elections in a democratic environment were a dream.
The electoral commissioner declared, with the consent of the parties, to run an unprecedented second re-run.
She had started her business squatting in an abandoned garage, sewing sheets and pillow cases she would take to markets all around the city so that she could support the 12 or 13 family members who were counting on her for survival.
I met women running essential oils businesses, wineries and even the country's largest advertising agency.
Apple launches the iPhone in China and censors the Dalai Lama out along with several other politically sensitive applications at the request of the Chinese government for its Chinese app store.
Mark Fiore also had his satire application censored in the United States because some of Apple's staff were concerned it would be offensive to some groups.
The German magazine Stern, a news magazine, had its app censored because the Apple nannies deemed it to be a little bit too racy for their users, and despite the fact that this magazine is perfectly legal for sale on newsstands throughout Germany.
Now in China, you have the  great firewall,  as it's well-known, that blocks Facebook and Twitter and now Google+ and many of the other overseas websites.
So we can use this kind of accounting system to describe the trench of the commons.
Another, more esoteric example is light pollution.
None of that is available from this dialog box, and so, unlike the previous print dialog where we saw the world in miniature and could see what was being cut off, here we have no idea what's being cut off, and consequently, this is a much less effective user interface.
You can see the basic HTML here with the form and the password input and the submit button, and we have a script down here where we start executing our javascript.
This is a lot like those volcano theories that I talked about in the very first presentation where, well, the geology is just aligned in a certain way, the lava is bubbling through the surface. Boom.
So, in the Islamic World, these rulers may come and go, they may assassinate each other and full loyalty is owed to whoever has supreme power.
An aes thetic, what some people call fundamentalist practice of Islam shorn of deviations practices.
Egyptian power during the 1830s when Muhammad Ali's domain is at its height at say, around 1840.
And then they've labeled each row-- magic, sword, shield, slingshot, and umbrella.
I could be an elf with an umbrella.
Sacking Rome became a barbarian pastime. And the Vandals, thanks to their exceptional knack for destruction and violence, gave us the world the 'vandalism'--
About the size of the Great Wall of China, this would hardly be an invisible structure.
It's nothing like a tsunami or a Katrina: too few crying children and smashed up houses.
They had to move this village in 1987 as a huge dune threatened to swallow it.
If you want to stop a sand dune from moving, what you need to make sure to do is to stop the grains from avalanching over its crest.
The first is to create a kind of balloon structure, fill it with bacteria, then allow the sand to wash over the balloon, pop the balloon, as it were, disseminating the bacteria into the sand and solidifying it.
But, if I had something like a TED wish, it would be to actually get it built, to start building this habitable wall, this very, very long, but very narrow city in the desert, built into the dunescape itself.
In our tenure on this planet we've accumulated dangers, evolutionary baggage, propensities for aggression and ritual, submission to leaders, hostility to outsiders, all of which puts our survival in some doubt.
And it's a wonderful bit of gear, because it's like having a flying tripod, crane and dolly all rolled into one.
If this was false, there'd be something wrong with our definition of big O notation and so really this is just to get further comfort with the definition, how to prove something is not big O of something else, and to verify that indeed you don't have any collapse of distinctive powers of ploynomials, which would be a bad thing.
It's easier to make an omelet with this, than trying to make an omelette with the contents of 2 hard boiled eggs.
These devices beat back and forth about 200 hertz during flight, and the animal can use them to sense its body rotation and initiate very, very fast corrective maneuvers.
We now know how to name aldehydes and ketones, and what I want to do in this video is show a mechanism for actually creating one.
So let's say we've got ourselves some benzene, and in the first step of this reaction, the benzene is just going to sit and watch.
My penmanship is deteriorating.
And this is actually not that stable. you're going to see it's actually highly reactive.
What we can, might think of as low intra-industry, with inda-industry cross price elasticity here.
I now have trouble doing math in anything other than kind of multiple pastel colours
Tumblr, SoundCloud, an early YouTube, wherever people express themselves, make art, broadcast news or organize protests, there's plenty of TV footage, movie clips, and copyrighted music mixed in.
I keep my little fridge under the counter and I even keep a little toaster over on top of that.
lift that way and lower that way and lift it and lower what's happening here if we selected that resistance appropriately you're going to be aggressively recruiting which is organized and little packets call motor units and you're going to dress we recruit them in a particular order the goes from the weakest in smallest to the strongest in vegas you're going to go through that order and if we could see u aggressively enough was enough weight sequentially fifty apple motor units so that you become progressively weaker with every second that you're working out and what's going to happen as you will keep going up and down up and down and somewhere along in here you'll start to feel really panicky because your body instinctual e feels the window between your capability and the resistance selective closing and produces an intense panic because that intense panic came out of millions of years of evolution where you were wrestling or fighting with arrival friend animal and you are very equally matched and when that fatigue stars to close the window between the two of you you know you're about to die that's included in your g and a and you will feel that panic here and you will want to stop but if you're properly motivated and or appropriately instructed you can keep pushing until you get to the point where your maximal effort is now producing sixty nine units of force sixty-nine use of force cannot lip seventy units of white and you have now reached muscular fatigue your muscular failure tries hard to made continued any additional movement it won't go because your force output does not exceed the weight selected you really want to quit now but if you're probably motivated or appropriately instructed you will continue to try to produce movement for an additional five or ten seconds which will drive your level of fifty-gallon even further so what's happened in this single set of exercise that's at ninety seconds is the right and depth of fifty the calls to you from your evolutionary path and says you nearly died and you need to adapt to this so the next time you're ever faced with a struggle like this you will have some reserves leftover this is a strong stimulus to synthesize new muscle and the metabolic systems that support it so not just the muscle of the condition to support it so what happens is okay over the course of several days you will sympathize that new muscle and you will then become with that much capability well if you go to patrick henry go have drew training you look at your workout card and held up to and there were people whole process again and do that miss sequential stepwise fashion over time you become stronger and more capable but here's the key the signal who responded on your body is a negative thing so once you invoke it you want to allow your body the opportunity the simple side the adaptive response
less time for notice the high-energy phosphate monetary or and that dr metabolic processes within themselves produced by product that interfere with two other hormones that you relied on to tell you when to stop eating grey lynn and leptin
largely by fat to harmon called courses to prime time and it gives you the sensation of fullness in your stomach or the byproduct of doing this over and over again affect your grade one and leptin sensitivity so it doesn't work as well in the brain
If we can install these molecules in neurons somehow, then these neurons would become electrically drivable with light.
Load upon guns
Sylvia was already a hero to many, and her wish was to ignite public support to create a global network of marine protected areas in order to save and restore the ocean.
On the other hand, there's the liking processes, fun and affection and delight and an enormous flying beast with an orc on the back.
If we want to engage someone in the process of opening boxes to try and find pies, we want to make sure it's neither too easy, nor too difficult, to find a pie.
It's the simple idea that instead of grading people incrementally in little bits and pieces, you give them one profile character avatar which is constantly progressing in tiny, tiny, tiny little increments which they feel are their own.
And I just look at this, and I think, yes, we could take that so much further by allowing people to set targets by setting calibrated targets, by using elements of uncertainty, by using these multiple targets, by using a grand, underlying reward and incentive system, by setting people up to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use these very sophisticated group and motivational mechanics we see.
All over the world there are starting to be hack-a-thons, gatherings, Aaron Swartz has, in some sense, brought the best out of us, in trying to say: How do we fix this?
There's one missing piece to the puzzle, and that is that our species has an extraordinarily strange recent history.
First let's look at the analogy betweeen Boltzmann entropy and Shannon information.
But it's represented, I, I like to use the phrase under the hood in r as an analogy to how a, an engine works in a car, right?
She had this amazing box that she carried and it had a torso of a woman's body in it, a half a torso, and she would teach people, everywhere she went, what a healthy vagina looked like and what a mutilated vagina looked like.
It's great for your sushi and your salad.
The bold, actressy pose, with stage curtain and smoke as background, the knick-knacks, the frills, the outlandish wigs... all gone!
To attract guests, you will have to design and produce a communications package.
So we're gonna talk about service oriented architecture, a popular buzzword that people used to think didn't mean anything.
For the company where he would rant about, maybe, the company screwing up, and he had a public blog that he would talk about technology.
He also is a pioneer in cyber security and a colleague who's developed an engaging presentation on job tracks within the field of information assurance.
You go to the market and in the very fact that you stop at a pomelo and say Wow, what a fruit, it's actually the fruit calling you.
You know, 30 days before a holiday, its light begins to shine in the world.
Thank you Lord for the beautiful spaghetti
It says that when the Israelites ate the manna,  its taste was like a cake baked with oil
Now, maybe there's not a connection between LSD and genious but it's something no great american ever said about a kick at bar
This nation faces enormous challenges, and the biggest idea we've heard from them so far was let's build a fence that electrocutes Mexicans
We're going to be doing this experiment a little different than Eratosthenes, because I don't want you to have to use a camel to measure distances between nearby cities.
I'll start with an anecdote, or for those of you who are Monty Python lovers, a Monty Python type of sketch.
Why don't we try to package these little viruses in artificial worlds inside of the computer and let them evolve?
And if they do that all at once, it's like playing poker and going all in right away.
All they had was just a monitor in front of them that had the numbers on it and just a red button that said,  Stop.
Everybody who wants to go to the 10th floor goes into car two, and everybody who wants to go to the third floor goes into car five.
We choose one pole and it feels good for a few seconds and then starts to feel uncomfortable which forces us to shift to the opposite pole which also feels good for a few seconds, and then becomes uncomfortable, which forces us to shift back once again
I'm working on a story and I need to get into the tunnels under the CBD.
What if it was a security patch for a buffer overflow exploit, of which Windows has not some, [but] several?
Let's make m equal the length of the middle shelf. m for middle. And then let's make b equal to the length of the bottom shelf b for bottom. Bottom shelf.
There's one with a woman with her legs spread and she's wearing a leotard with circles on it and it says Bullseye, that kind of thing that little, you know, very young teenagers, even 8 years olds can go onto the website and see, so a lot of parents probably are probably not aware that their teenagers are essentially going to the American Apparel website to go  shopping  and seeing what is essentially pornography.
But what about the pop-up menu where you put in your state?
And just to make the boundaries of integration make a little bit more sense, because we know that a is less than b, let's swap them.
The skin itself is made out of a see-through nylon mesh, which, if the lighting designer wants the horse to almost disappear, she can light the background and the horse becomes ghostlike.
When you or your team are working on a pipeline machine learning system, this can sometimes give you a very strong signal, a very strong guidance, on what parts of the pipeline might be the best use of your time to work on.
So, in other words, we have some set of test set images and for each test set images, we run it through text section, then character 7 nation, then character recognition, and we find that on our test set, the overall accuracy of the entire system was 72% on one of the metric you chose.
Sonnets have pretty rigorous form of rhyme schemes, a-b-b-a or a-b-a-b, and you can bet somewhere in there there will be a metaphor about a rose.
So she could say with great conviction,  hey, let's do this trading thing with the chairs , but she could be skeptical of whether the same procedure would work with the offices, because she couldn't think of a Lyapunov function.
If you want to fly but they cut their wings the take-off you do not fall, do not give up fly high, don't give up
Mark Zuckerberg, a journalist was asking him a question about the news feed. And the journalist was asking him,
So this is the speciation I'm talking about.
It may not be these sources, but a variety of others, but the point being that in the same way, we leap straight to wireless in many emerging markets, we leaped over this old technology called  wireline.  We're leaping over this sort of ossified, old, antiquated financial system as we find new ways to democratize funding.
Similarly, the other more - sort of more famous one in the crowd funding side of things, Kickstarter, last year to $320 million in project-based funding, a remarkable, remarkable number!
But there has been lots of water there, and this picture shows an old river delta on Mars.
This means that Mars is not a very good candidate perhaps for life today, because there's no liquid water on the surface, and there's no protecting ozone layer there.
All steam created in the plant is sent to a turbine on site.
Started of with a big mainframe like this, surrounded by a bunch of dumb terminals.
And that happened because of thousands of innovations by hundreds, maybe thousands of companies that brought down the price and improved the efficiency of broadband, and microprocessor speed and wireless, storage, and everything else to the point that we no longer think, at least in the developed world, how much time we spend doing this or doing this.
If you take your laptop and smash it in the front of 50 others...
Tom Friedman actually whacked it as hard as he could with a sledgehammer without even scuffing it.
In the five years ending with 2010, Walmart saved 60 percent of the fuel per ton-mile in its giant fleet of heavy trucks through better logistics and design.
China leads their explosive growth and their plummeting cost.
( tense theme playing ) ( train rattling )
It's covered with a crocheted netting that is embedded with mushroom spores.
These capsules are embedded in a nutrient-rich jelly, a kind of second skin, which dissolves quickly and becomes baby food for the growing mushrooms.
Drive carefully, slippery when wet  put abrasive in the highway so its not slippery when wet.
I believe in randomness, and one of the reasons I believe that is because me becoming a diplomat was random.
I mean it was very dramatic diplomacy.
Those different ideas in the North and South ... ..about the role of government would continue until now. Oh god, it's time for the Mystery Document?
The whole lining of our vascular tree gets inflamed and stiffened.
The whole thing is a crazy cool detective story that I'll be putting in a series of videos, next week actually:
Because if the committee actually discussed this research, it would be unable to justify its recommendation to eat meat at all, as the research would show that meat increases the risks for chronic diseases, contrary to the purpose of having dietary guidelines in the first place, right?
And I think what's important is, when we first unveiled the building, the public saw it as being totally about our whim and ego.
Now, this area floods three to four times a year, and there's a levee behind our site, similar to the ones that broke in New Orleans.
I mean that's what you want from a frame book, not to make like more complicated, it's complicated enough.
And we'll talk a little bit more about assets and enterprise value, and there's a little bit of a nuance there, but essentially the company itself.
He's brave... ...like a cowboy should be, and kind and smart, but the thing that makes Woody special... is he'll never give up on you.
And such righteous until the day goes very hot heat and a and he sits under a shady tree and falls asleep and he falls to his dome
Rachel Sarah Rabbi Akiva live in a tent and say shame Del
Whereas with saving three percent, people might have to add nice sneakers so they can walk, because they won't be able to afford anything else, when they save 14 percent they might be able to maybe have nice dress shoes to walk to the car to drive.
They have this really remarkable facial expression technology that recognizes facial expressions, what facial expressions you're making.
So there's a very sharp decline in liberal ideas in the Muslim world, and what you see is more of a defensive, rigid, reactionary strain, which led to Arab socialism, Arab nationalism and ultimately to the Islamist ideology.
So what we're doing is, we're taking the most concentrated greenhouse gas sink, twice as much greenhouse gases are sequestered in the boreal per acre than the tropical rainforests.
It compromises the life and the health of some of our most underprivileged and vulnerable people, the Aboriginal communities that have so much to teach us.
And two summers ago at the Hyde Park in London, with the Serpentine Gallery: a kind of a temporal pavilion where moving was the only way you could see the pavilion.
Passing the prophet Samuel Today tomb was released on the liberation of Jerusalem daily prayer for boys from his mother before she became pregnant prayed about and ketone will make him coat his mother dressmaker was coat when he is born
Pinch him g-d forbid show him frowned save rod hates his son
It's a bit like if you are in a city where the traffic light system all of a sudden changes, so that the red means green and green means stop, and you have to calculate what your interacting with people.
So we offer teachers bonuses if the kids they teach score passing grades on these big test scores that are used to evaluate the quality of school systems.
He was only able to get part-time work because of his back, and so he was unable to earn enough to put food on the table and take care of his family.
They don't want to feel like they need to take a shower to get the moral grime off their bodies everyday when they come home from work.
Maybe you still can't treat yourself to that kind of luxury... but you can already have the luxury of driving the best sedan in Brazil.
For certain purposes it's not too misleading to call our system democracy or capitalism or - better still - industrialism, but its real names are factory fascism and office oligarchy.
Check out Aaron's new podcast 'PonderTalkRadio' at: www.pondertalkradio.com www.aaronmoritz.net www.theinfinityes.com facebook.com/theinfinityes twitter: @aaron_moritz
This is a German bunker.
So DNA comes in and hits this blue, doughnut-shaped structure and it's ripped apart into its two strands.
The nuclear envelope breaks down.
Europe in the 19th century: a great British foreign secretary, Lord Canning, used to describe it as the  European concert of powers.
I have to speak to the Minister of Home Affairs because who has entered my country, who lives in that terraced house in that inner city has a direct effect on what happens in my country -- as we in London saw in the 7/7 bombings.
And Vladimir Lenin who led the Bolshevik revolution and created essentially the Soviet Union.
He made no answer, and had turned his face away from her again, and Mrs. Hall, feeling that her conversational advances were ill- timed, laid the rest of the table things in a quick staccato and whisked out of the room.
He held a white cloth--it was a serviette he had brought with him--over the lower part of his face, so that his mouth and jaws were completely hidden, and that was the reason of his muffled voice.
He wore a dark-brown velvet jacket with a high, black, linen-lined collar turned up about his neck.
When Mrs. Hall went to clear away the stranger's lunch, her idea that his mouth must also have been cut or disfigured in the accident she supposed him to have suffered, was confirmed, for he was smoking a pipe, and all the time that she was in the room he never loosened the silk muffler he had wrapped round the lower part of his face to put the mouthpiece to his lips.
For the most part he was quite still during that time; it would seem he sat in the growing darkness smoking in the firelight-- perhaps dozing.
Out he came, not noticing Fearenside's dog, who was sniffing in a dilettante spirit at
Then the finer end of Fearenside's whip reached his property, and the dog, yelping with dismay, retreated under the wheels of the waggon.
You're a damned rum customer, mister,  said Mr. Jaffers.
He got a sounding kick on the shin that made him shout, but he kept his grip.
Jaffers clutched at it, and only helped to pull it off; he was struck in the mouth out of the air, and incontinently threw his truncheon and smote Teddy Henfrey savagely upon the crown of his head.
I don't know if you have ever seen a really good conjuror--
But I might--out of sheer funk and misery.   You'd better not,  said the Voice, with quiet emphasis.
In the early evening time Dr. Kemp was sitting in his study in the belvedere on the hill overlooking Burdock.
The barman leant his fat red arms on the counter and talked of horses with an anaemic cabman, while a black-bearded man in grey snapped up biscuit and cheese, drank Burton, and conversed in American with a policeman off duty.
Draw the bolts,  said the man with the black beard,  and if he comes--  He showed a revolver in his hand.
The tumbler of whiskey tilted itself.
He walked to a wardrobe and produced a robe of dingy scarlet.
I hear voices talking, but mostly the shaft is this cacophony of men coughing, and stone being broken with primitive tools.
Every 20 minutes, I'd have to run back to our cruiser to clean out my gear and run it under an air conditioner to revive it, and as I sat there, I thought, my camera is getting far better treatment than these people.
The big sheets of slate were heavier than the children carrying them, and the kids hoisted them from their heads using these handmade harnesses of sticks and rope and torn cloth.
These people have no escape at all, and as we take in such a difficult subject, it's important to note that slavery, including sex trafficking, occurs in our own backyard as well.
This square is 10 meters wide and in 10 seconds the next square will be 10 times as wide. Our picture will center one the picnickers, even after they've been lost to sight. One hundred meters wide, a distance a man can run in 10 seconds.
Howard's about this high, and he's round, and he's in his 60s, and he has big huge glasses and thinning gray hair, and he has a kind of wonderful exuberance and vitality, and he has a parrot, and he loves the opera, and he's a great aficionado of medieval history.
There is no perfect pickle; there are only perfect pickles.
Yellow mustard seeds, turmeric, and paprika. That was mustard.
You go to Chez Panisse, they give you the red-tail sashimi with roasted pumpkin seeds in a something something reduction.
Why? Because the chef at Chez Panisse has a Platonic notion about red-tail sashimi.
That's an open buggy.
Now, if President Obama invited me to be the next Czar of Mathematics, then I would have a suggestion for him that I think would vastly improve the mathematics education in this country.
( will your darkest hour ) ( write a blank check on your soul? )
We are going to monitor a hashtag and in this example we'll pretend we're the international burger joint, Five Guys.
What we can do is always perform a quick search to see how these specific terms and hashtags populate.
At eight o'clock schnitzel telling you God
Replied her son , sure i must have mother mother told him false you are speaking up and threw him into the water vacation homework and repeated the second and third chick
I entered the kitchen and made popcorn not exploited to exaggerate
What made you forget love affair with glitter and fireworks Why
We need it how he's lazy and did nothing nothing useful in his life, drank arak and played backgammon and looked himself as an artist art time
You know I'm not used to disobey you but that's it Ass even know stop spirit
I worked in tourism for one year in Mexico, one year in Egypt.
It was for a merger station for emergency workers and firemen.
Here it's faceted glass in the Bronx.
So it acts as a screen to protect the rail and the commuter, and not to have objects falling on the rails.
I was asked to make a poster to be placed in the subway cars in New York City for a year.
What we assume in the rational reactor model is that you do that, you make the choice that maximizes that goal.
Right, or if you?re trying to decide you know exactly how many bagels to buy at the bagel store, you know maybe you just sort of pick a dozen or something.
In can be the case that, even if people make mistakes, if there's no bias on way one way or the other in terms of the mistakes, those mistakes my darn well cancel out.
And keep handling the brown people  ♪ But he ain't messing with no broke niggers ♪ ♪ George Bush don't like black people George Bush don't like black people ♪ ♪ George Bush don't like black people George Bush don't like black people ♪ ♪ Hurricane came through, fucked us up round here ♪
This good for doing parkour here
No, not shortcut it, had reason not the ataje shortcut single
And architect Christian Kerrigan has come up with a series of designs that show us how it may be possible to actually grow a limestone reef underneath the city.
You're an 80 percent bicyclist.
And bankruptcy protection is admitting I am insolvent, which means that there's no way that I'm going to be able to unwind all of my liabilities.
Act like a reporter and ask me questions.
Even as a speed taxi.
If we work our butt off at my family's ranch, that mildew in your head will wash away.
The children don't play football against each other, German and Czech kids don't play against each other, instead they play together, in a team and we work on the resulting effect of them learning language from each other.
Apart from the European Union we are also supported by UEFA which provides materials for us.
So these are the ones that serve the heart. Now, if they're serving the heart muscles and the heart cells, then, think about it, would they fit under the systemic flow, or pulmonary flow?
This, the ability to take real-world phenomena and make them something a microchip can understand, is, I think, the most important skill anyone can have these days.
Lucius could choose, at 17, to become a military tribune and command soldiers on the edge of the Empire.
- So, millions of Netflix members watch all kinds of movies and TV shows on the Nintendo's Wii console.
One option is the fast food fetish.
A second option is the sexy geek option.
My point is here, people have a choice -- just like the Indian lady could wear her sari or the Japanese woman could wear her kimono.
Last year we didn't have one Qatari woman filmmaker.
But I use two ATPs and then I'm essentially going to break up the glucose into two 3-carbon compounds right here that actually also have a phosphate group on them.
And actually, for every mole of glucose, you're going to need two NAD plusses.
Gondoljunk a végtelen kegyetlenségre, amit a pont egyik oldalának lakosai okoztak a pont másik oldalán élő tőlük alig különböző lakosainak.
AND I WAS LlKE,  MM, I DlDN'T REALLY WANT THE WHOLE ASTRONAUT GlG; I JUST WANTED THE FLOATlNG.
AND THE HEAD-MOUNTED DlSPLAY, SOMETlMES KNOWN AS GATOR VlSION. AND SO I HAD AN IN.
HE LATER DESCRlBED IT AS LlKE
They don't understand the basic guest host relationship.
But, I mean, at school -- so as well as being, you know, doing pretty miserably academically, but you were also the captain of the cricket and football teams.
I mean he found you kind of an enigma at your school -- he said, you're either going to be a millionaire or go to prison, and I'm not sure which.
And the choir conductor there knew that I sang and invited me to come and join the choir.
And it was this young woman who had posted a fan video to me, singing the soprano line to a piece of mine called  Sleep.
It is a mockery to use 12, 15, or even more years of a human being's life, that is around 70 to 80 years, to prepare him to be a worker, or to learn a language limited by your culture.
The CPU is sometimes called the brain of the computer, because it processes information and carries out commands.
You can add a video card to get better graphics performance, or you can add a wireless card to connect to your wireless home network.
If you're like most people, just seeing that gave you a small sense of elation and joy -- just to think about making 50 percent more money in retirement than before.
The sort of inverse of anything modern the inverse of anything respectable the inverse of anything literate and it was its own little, fictional town but representative of, of African-Americans across the spectrum of the U.S. Its own little town with its own fire department and baseball team and schools and things like that.
So rather than a torch, you know, held high, as a beacon, To the world of what the US is.
But at the end of the day in 1953 you fast forward, it ends up being a little bit of a stalemate because the end result is that the original 38th parallel border gets reinstated.
And this was the case particularly in the conquest of the southwest of the United
I will not cross two hours. If I do, we'll edit it. But I will not force myself to do, to do two hours.
A parsec is 3.26 light years.
The freedom that was won in 1990 brought about a state of anarchy in the city, while the barbarism of the '90s brought about a loss of hope for the city.
So in fact, we found the same identical conditions, we reconstructed the entire thing again, he came out with an entire brigade of sheriff's officers to protect him in this community, all right?
We had him stand actually slightly in the street, so closer to the suspect vehicle, the shooter vehicle, than the actual teenagers were, so he stood a few feet from the curb toward the middle of the street.
First of all, there's a long history of antipathy between science and the law in American jurisprudence.
The Phoenix Islands and all the equatorial parts of our planet are very important for tuna fisheries, especially this yellowfin tuna that you see here.
I see this life Like a swinging vine
I think the idea was to use DJing and music as a form of media, of self-expression to get the word out.
She was tied up and thrown into the ring for other dogs to attack so they'd get more aggressive before the fight.
We can not simply say that beer is good or bad.
Can we really embed robotics into every part?
I'm very, very stoked to be here today, representing my kinfolk and all those that haven't managed to make a career out of an innate ability for inhuman noisemaking. Because it is a bit of a niche market, and there's not much work going on, especially where I'm from.
This is a floppy disk -- five and a quarter-inch floppy disk infected by Brain.A.
And if you just go and take a look at what's happening in the online world, here's a video built by Clarified Networks, which illustrates how one single malware family is able to move around the world.
They have seven tentacles, and they have 14 little funny-looking compound eyes, and a brain shaped like a pretzel.
Six months ago, Thierry Meyssan had described the leadership purge after which the old hawks who created the current Gordian knot in the Middle East have been replaced by pragmatic realists in the Pentagon and the State Department
I have a studio in London that has a particular approach to designing buildings.
And then related to that you see the gas of gasoline this is even more geographically specific because not only do you have transportation costs but you also have very region specific taxation for oil and sometimes regulation but taxation is the big part of it but you do see that it trends up when oil prices trend up, and then it goes down and this is on a per gallon basis and these are the prices right over here in New York.
They have propane on the back, that's the gas in the back.
You know, hello, Home Depot, can I have some hot pink polypropylene, six and a half million square feet?
I'll have the French Toast, please.
There's also three ports at the top of the phone a headphone jack, a Mini USB connector for charging and PC connection, and a Micro Sim slot.
Apps that are deleted from here aren't uninstalled, just taken off the home screen.
The people hub is a great place to see how social networking has been really integrated into the phone.
We're talking 10s of millions of people, we're talking the population of a large European country.
I heard it was one of the most violent favelas, because the largest drug cartel controls it.
In this exercise, we will add a virtual sequencer which will control the sequencer of the input packet driver.
I don't know what every transistor in the connection machine does.
If RSTW is a rhombus, so rhombus tells us that all the sides are equal and they're parallel.
The ketchup question goes like this:
There's player one and there's player two.
a mustache, a Viking ship, a paragliding mermaid,
I had the chance a little while back to ride in the Google autonomous car, which is as cool as it sounds.
The doppler effect, which is why a police siren shifts to a lower pitch as the car passes also works for light. That's how radar catches you speeding and how astronomers measure the rotation of galaxies.
Right? There are spambots crawling it, trying to turn every article into an ad for a Rolex watch. (Laughter)
Some of you may remember Star Wars Kid, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball retriever, acting as if it were a light saber.
I can't believe you've almost done with your demo and you haven't written a song about your best friend.
We were just supposed to lay down some tracks but the second song it was like my bra had grown hands.
Think as yourself as a waiter on wheels
No Ma'am I'm a mormon missionary
What do you want from me.. some sort of merit badge?
A toast
And this is a particularly small scooter for a gentleman of this size.
I don't know if this is called a basket-bra, but it ought to be something like that.
This particular reel -- it's an industrial video -- but it was shown in drive-in theaters in 1961 -- in the Detroit area, in fact -- and it preceded Alfred Hitchcock's  Psycho.
This is a pH probe.
And they prototyped with an old LCD screen from a Nokia mobile phone and an Arduino.
So, a kilobyte or KB is about a thousand bytes.
So you could think of 4,000 megabytes is equal to four gigabytes or vice versa so to switch putting gigabytes and megabytes the different by factor of a thousand so for the megabyte figure I can imagine like well basically I'm, I'm dropping the right three digits to go to gigabytes.
So, the next term up is the Terabyte or TB which is about a thousand gigabytes or it's about a trillion bytes.
And we've just enter the time when you can buy a one terabyte or two terabyte hard drive.
However, gigabyte used to be a rare term too.
Gunfight at the KO Corral?
I can mate you in three whatever you do.
Zero is a higher slope than some negative slope here.
When Proctor &amp; Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Head &amp; Shoulders to 15, they saw an increase in sales by 10 percent.
One quiz I sometimes give my undergrads is to say, think of five coordination games that you have to play every day.
I found a brilliant aeronautical engineer who designs sails for America's Cup racing yachts named Peter Heppel.
There was no language to translate this ancient, idiosyncratic handcraft into something machine operators could produce.
But you can see, even just intuit, from this map, that the harbor has dredged and flattened, and went from a rich, three-dimensional mosaic to flat muck in really a matter of years.
And as you can see, my aorta dilated progressively, and I got closer and closer to the point where surgery was going to be necessary.
As I said, the existing treatment requires the heart-lung bypass machine, and it requires a total body cooling.
But if you are an extreme optimistic penguin who just jumps down blindly hoping for the best, you might find yourself in a bit of a mess when you hit the ground.
And the strings are actually very simple, they're just ASCII strings that typically begin with a verb like get or post.
And, a cookie that we'll talk shortly.
The problem is that the way that you remember which page you're caching is by the URI that references that page.
The blank is just a kind of bluff; it's just a bluff from the mind itself.
I want to find an interval such that I am reasonably confident-- and I'm putting this kind of touchy-feely language over here because it's all around the fact that I don't know for a fact that the standard deviation is 0.05, I'm just estimating.
So a conversation between an Indian speaking Tupi and a White speaking contemporary Portuguese from the time of the discovery for us modern Brazilians, may as well be Greek.
That sounds like fancy word.
If you bounce a ping-pong ball off a billiard ball, the ping-pong ball will come back and this one becomes negative, whereas if you plow a billiard ball into a ping-pong ball, it will go forward.
Here is the wall. Here is a tennis ball that comes in with a certain mass m, and it has a certain velocity v, whatever that is.
You know, think of our evolutionary predilection for eating sweet things, fatty things like cheesecake.
The company did not succeed, and he couldn't pay the money back, and I was the guarantor of the note.
So I say sometimes, it's like I used to say, a samurai comes to you, a divine samurai, and he says, 'I've come to take what I cannot have.'
But for the trained reasoner to admit such intrusions into his own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was to introduce a distracting factor which might throw a doubt upon all his mental results.
As he spoke there was the sharp sound of horses' hoofs and grating wheels against the curb, followed by a sharp pull at the bell.
Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his shoulders was lined with flame-coloured silk and secured at the neck with a brooch which consisted of a single flaming beryl.
There is a wonderful sympathy and freemasonry among horsey men.
I was still balancing the matter in my mind when a hansom cab drove up to Briony
I lounged up the side aisle like any other idler who has dropped into a church.
His broad black hat, his baggy trousers, his white tie, his sympathetic smile, and general look of peering and benevolent curiosity were such as Mr. John Hare alone could have equalled.
Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for an instant, for I was not sure when he might come, and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, that I would not risk the loss of it.
It is quite a three pipe problem, and I beg that you won't speak to me for fifty minutes.
It is a hobby of mine to have an exact knowledge of London.
He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone.
A vegan diet was first put to the test in 2000, in Helsinki.
All this means is that, you know, plants must be well prepared to meet the challenges of the oxidant radical stress and contain a broad variety of antioxidants.
And that's how we have done, and that's how we've transferred our knowledge and the technology and the  know how , to the Iranian government for their space program.
Very soon, the Foundation will offer the small units, are 10 centimetres to 15 centimetres in diameter which you can locate in four positions in you car.
What's missing here, of course, is the North Polar ice cap.
If you are investing in tar sands or shale oil, then you have a portfolio that is crammed with sub-prime carbon assets.
Developing tar sands and coal shale is the equivalent.
When people use the terms 'fascism' or 'fascist' today, they're usually using it in a derogatory way to refer to a group, a regime, or even an individual that is overly aggressive -- and controlling -- and totalitarian.
And I'm once again so sorry for my butchering of an Italian word.
You can imagine if these were chips, kind of poker chips, that would represent one of the blue poker chips and each blue poker chip represents 10,000.
In one of my books, I joke that Ben &amp; Jerry's should make a pacifist toothpaste -- doesn't kill germs, just asks them to leave.
So, Roulette has a wheel, and in the United States, a Roulette wheel has 38 different numbers you can bet on. Like the numbers one through 36 plus to other spots.
We input it into our little function box, and we need to get our output.
The enzyme immunoassay can be done in a multi-well microtiter plate or on any other solid adherence surface.
This skinny 20% surplus allotment of energy is sufficient to allow rich hierarchies to form, job specializations to develop, and large works of architecture to be built. Â
This is why weâ€™re going to take a quick tour through the concept of energy budgeting.
Emily Dickinson said over a century ago that  There is no frigate like a book to take us lands away ...  And it's true.
This best seller and all its literary heirs -
We worked very hard to get the smog reduction happening here in Los Angeles.
Not a Zombie
We can even add microprocessors and have this as an input and create squishy sound music that we've done.
That's right. He's got more gel than you, Truth Fairy.
So first thing we need is, of course, a toothbrush and you can see this, this is the head of a toothbrush (a regular toothbrush) and use the clippers to cut off the main handle and what's left is the head with the bristles; this one has some funny rubber things on the side, but the most important thing to notice is that the bristles are angled sideways so what you want to do is find a new toothbrush like this that has angled bristles.
And this probably coincided with the time when you had the planet Earth's sourcebook, and you had the hippie movement.
We got rid of Morsi and his clan. But we are facing new dangers.
So this is going to be four methyl, this is our methyl group right here, 4-Methylnonane.
So it was brought up, I think the user name is Minoctu, and they correctly corrected me, that there would never be such a thing as 2-Propylheptane.
There are times when I come in unexpectedly, and then I'll park my car elsewhere and walk in and you hear a lot of... There's a lot of, how do you call it now, banter. [LAUGHS]
Responsive web design is basically a way for you to code with a single code base for multiple devices.
Now, when we're talking about coding a specific version of the site for all of the different applications, what's going to happen is you go to the desktop version of the site-- they call that the full site-- on a lot of websites you get one single version of the site.
So in the morning, you see which direction the sunflower is facing, and you mark it on the blank area in the base.
Just in the same way like if you go to the Louvre, you can buy your mousepad and your coffee cup with the Mona Lisa, you know, something that is 500 years old.
And this can create great natural shelters for animals, but they've also been appropriated for some rather dubious human uses, including a bar, a prison and even a toilet inside of a tree.
Why is it that you can buy a double-cheeseburger at McDonald's for 99¢, and you can't even get a head of broccoli for 99¢? - We've skewed our food system to the bad calories and it's not an accident.
So here's a screenshot from searching for a flight, where the constraint specified yielded no possible solution.
Look, it's a little bit like in a courtroom while the jury deliberates and you're waiting for the sentence. Will it be life, or will it be death?
When I came out of class, I went to buy cake at the supermarket. and was where the cakes are, when I saw a girl, this girl, tall, dark, etc... who was pushing her cart, at the back.
That's why we happen now to have salmon and champagne for your birthday.
But for sure, it's deceptive. Let's see now...
So he brought it back. And the kid was drinking it, and a security guard spotted it, and called the police, who called an ambulance that rushed to the ballpark, whisked the kid to the hospital.
To celebrate this partnership I made a milkshake  reread  that is on Tastemade's channel but I made a milkshake  à la I Could Kill For Dessert .
And by the way, the assumption that we can safely control the Earth's awesomely complex climate system as if it had a thermostat, making the planet not too hot, not too cold, but just right -- sort of Goldilocks style -- this is pure fantasy, and it's not coming from the climate scientists. It's coming from the economists imposing their mechanistic thinking on the science.
Is it me, or does that sound like Orwellian doublespeak? If it's 'for our nation', then it clearly isn't 'for us all', as the human species is the closest thing we have to 'all'.
However, I am disappointed with the crude Louie the Logic Gremlin character, as it is just irritating and hideously stupid.
If it's false, then the flag hit will valuate to zero, 1 - hit will be 1.
Ans so we see the intermingling the complicated intermixing of belief systems and commercial and political relations.
Anthropologists have found evidence of romantic love in 170 societies.
The arctic ice cap is, in a sense, the beating heart of the global climate system.
All of those probably have developed our ability to, to ascertain those is an important part of our evolutionary benefit. And I'm, I'm guessing that each of those has an important function for why we have survived today. Well, the, the interesting parts for me are of, of, as I look at this, is that timbre is more and more, perhaps more important than we realize in, in understanding how we respond to music.
I left when I was 25 years old to go to Bali, and there I met my incredible wife, Cynthia, and together, over 20 years, we built an amazing jewelry business.
All he has to do is make sure that when he kills a warthog it's big enough to share some.
I am of course quoting from a famous essay by Leonard Read, the economist in the 1950s, called  I, Pencil  in which he wrote about how a pencil came to be made, and how nobody knows even how to make a pencil, because the people who assemble it don't know how to mine graphite, and they don't know how to fell trees and that kind of thing.
English-British for the correct transcript.
We have to use this command reset ticks in the setup.
Imagine an engine going clack, clack, clack.
And my Cheese Monster will never be satisfied by Cheddar.
And you put it all together and what do you get?
We had the pause points immediately before anesthesia is given, immediately before the knife hits the skin, immediately before the patient leaves the room.
We dug as deep as we could, and as the cadence of our steps increased and the sled accelerated, we left everything we had on the track, before leaving the ice and boarding our Night Train sled.
For example, in oceanography, a lexicon of dolphin language is actually being created by basically visualizing the sonar beams that the dolphins emit.
So if you want to think about all of the different ways there are to choose a board from the nine people, there's the 9 for President times the 8 for Vice President times the 7 for Secretary.
Some say that a normal male's lung has an area of the inside of a basketball [court].
The dictionary is not carved out of a piece of granite, out of a lump of rock.
This is what dictionaries used to look like. I want him to think of this kind of dictionary as an eight-track tape.
The Zendesk and Get Satisfaction apps may be particularly useful to you to take a social media message and create a ticket or send it to your forum.
It looks very menacing, like a billowing monsoon cloud or thunderstorm.
This is natural selection, this is purported to apply to everything, it purports to explain why we evolved from basic bacteria or maybe from self replicating RNA which I will talk about more in the future.
This would have prevented the reverse engineering of the rotor wirings, and if the Enigma allows the letters to be encrypted to themselves, the Bombe couldn't have taken advantage of crypts, and this would require the allies to check the entire key space, which was impossible even with the fastest computer.
Am I wearing a sign that says,  Karl's Slave ?
You know how much diesel that clunker boat pumps out an hour?
Now 67 minutes later, you're gonna dock with the Russian space station to meet cosmonaut Andropov, who will refuel the shuttles with liquid O2.
Now look, as the cheetah approaches.
And we have chosen for that Karo light corn syrup.
It might have been in utero cocaine poisoning, childhood abuse, paint on the walls and all these other things that influenced your brain development but we can't untangle that and it's not anybody's fault, it's not your fault or anybody elses but we can't do anything about it.
So for example, if I was going to build a presentation tool interface, you could show me working at this tablet right here, without actually showing any of what I see on the screen, and I really like that as a strategy because it absolutely emphasizes what the person using the system can accomplish.
I know that this endmill will run for 60 minutes
Your goons or you, in your little uniform?
My friend's a romantic, he's really shy.
And the limousine empties out.
His mother had died from a heroin overdose.
If you take a full blown John Deere tractor, it's almost impossible for anyone to go out and try to build one of those for themselves.
Not accept things as they are, nor revolt, revolt doesn't answer a thing.
And notice that I call this message delta 2,1. Delta, 2 being the from. And 1 being the to, and so taken delta 2,1, and now factor one, cluster one is going to say well I'm going to pick that and I'm going to multiply it, with my current, thoughts about the variables A,B and that's going to give me a more informed factor and now I'm going to communicate that information to factor four, to cluster four.
Capital adequacy ratios basically require the banks to keep a buffer that's big enough to absorb any losses by the banks.
We won't go into too much detail on how this scheme works here, but the key thing you need to know is this. When the bank makes a profit on its loans, then this profit increases the size of the capital buffer. If it's capital buffer is bigger then it can afford to make more loans.
My next story is about the mania of Minister Missiroli
Signora Evola, the Madam I worked for... ...sent me to a client after feeding me a large laxative-spiced meal
It's your mother you're crying for?
A few years ago, I was thinking about this, and I went to  The Sunday Sport,  a tabloid newspaper I don't recommend you start reading if you're not familiar with it already.
He became skeptical about Economics as an undergraduate.
And so you start to have to develop a fairly hard shell, or become a manic depressive.
So bingo, problem solved.
This is -- I don't know if you saw it on CNN recently -- they gave the Heroes Award to a young Kenyan shepherd boy who couldn't study at night in his village, like all the village children, because the kerosene lamp, it had smoke and it damaged his eyes.
That's of course his theme, can see the leaves of grass. Loafe with me on the grass. Loose the stop from your throat, let it out vocally.
With the key switch still in Setup mode and the operator doors now open
Informed consent is the very bedrock of our understanding of democracy.
He seems to be wooing not his future wife, but her dad.
In other words, that risk on the quarter acre needed to be repaid in a single harvest, or else they wouldn't take the risk.
This is the greatest challenge that our country will face during our lifetime.
The season finale was just blah cover my ears cover my eyes
And then you get into some racket where you're selling insurance and they've got that quota to make.
But, the most important thing is that we will prepare a delicious chocolate cake with raspberries on top!
So when I was asked to do the ACDC logo, one of the versions I came up with was based on that Blue Oyster Cult lettering and it kind of became the cliche for the heavy metal thing.
A political will to promote it, would cure humankind of the aphasia from which most of us suffer when we have to interact with foreigners.
Coordinated action by governments to organize its teaching in all schools of the world, and the recommendation to adults to devote to it 10 minutes a day for 3 months, 10 minutes, that's less than what you need to do a crossword puzzle or a sudoku, would start a snowball process, which after a while would completely change the language panorama of our planet.
If you're watching this video, the first thing I suggest is stop, go to businessmodelgeneration.com, and download the canvas and print out bunch of copies.
And this just happens until all of the energy in the system is basically used up, and then, game over.
The third tradition that he uses, and appeals to a lot, is the utopian socialist tradition.
And in fact there's a whole positivist version of what Marx says; that is, strip away the dialectics.
You notice that each tray holds the exact same amount of water, but has a different number of ice cubes that it makes.
He was three when he became a mixed drink of one part left alone and two parts tragedy, started therapy in eighth grade, had a personality made up of tests and pills, lived like the uphills were mountains and the downhills were cliffs, four-fifths suicidal, a tidal wave of antidepressants, and an adolescent being called  Popper,  one part because of the pills, 99 parts because of the cruelty.
To this day, he is a stick of TNT lit from both ends, could describe to you in detail the way the sky bends in the moment before it's about to fall, and despite an army of friends who all call him an inspiration, he remains a conversation piece between people who can't understand sometimes being drug-free has less to do with addiction and more to do with sanity.
And we... kill those people.
You've probably seen it at a football game, on some placard, or at a boxing match.
The one of the forms of method for disfranchisement that I've talked about, the one that the Supreme Court does strike down, is the Grandfather Clause.
So for the next five years, I dressed as a boy to escort my older sister, who was no longer allowed to be outside alone, to a secret school.
These platforms invite all sorts of developers and all sorts of people to come with their ideas and their opportunity to create and target an application for a particular audience.
My first book, a piece of journalism I'd done only for the money and which had already bought me an electric typewriter from the advance, should have been a best seller.
Leg crushed and then eaten by a mutated boa constrictor?
Silvia's pickle ice cream had a very small, but loyal, following. That was fine.
I had a satellite phone, a pump-action shotgun in case I was attacked by a polar bear.
Now I don't just mean in the field of daft macho Edwardian style derring-do, but also in the fields of pancreatic cancer, there is something addictive about this, and in my case, I think polar expeditions are perhaps not that far removed from having a crack habit.
On March 19th, 2013 sarin gas was used in Syria near Aleppo.
Well, if anybody says country music isn't powerful, let me tell you this:
Nine months later, after that day on snot rock, I had the only blind date in my life with a seven and a half foot elephant called Kanchi.
In 2008, Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar.
You sample 36 apples from your farm's harvest of over 200,000 apples.
So we're just going to say what's the probability when we just took this one sample of 36 apples that we lie in this space over here?
Today I am going with my kids garden then have a small slide, and high, and curling and...
Do not complain about it?
You say for children, children not hide the couscous not deserve Today he get all the fun all of your investment
The next thing we do is we collect what's called a diffusion tensor imaging.
Soon after a great Viking army conquers York and much of Eastern England
Yeah. Even when his Uncle died he found WiFi at the funeral home.
We'll be coming back to nicotine and the nicotine system fairly often in this course, because it is the research of my laboratory.
I think CERN is the home of the Large Hadron Collider.
This notion that the abstract expressionist canvas was somehow the manifestation of the internal state of the artist.
A secure browser helps guard against threats such as phishing and malware, which could steal your passwords - or worse.
So the acoustic model can compensate for the deficiency of the language model and vice versa.
Wow. What if a chimpanzee could talk, you know?
Idris Elba is poised in a scene with his machete raised, and he's being forced by a crowd to chop up his best friend -- fellow Rwandan Army officer, albeit a Tutsi -- played by Fraser James.
And then the notion of a flush.
Yo, sick of these things kitsch!
We can't however, add a string to an int or a float.
Injectable collagen -- or, since the '70s, collagen from pigs -- has been used for injecting into wrinkles.
It is possible for a diverse and divided people to form a coalition in times of great need and unify around an idea, but it only works if that idea that meets the following 3 requirements:
Whether you consider yourself liberal or conservative or none of the above the bankers and corporations which hold the puppet strings of the state have placed us all on a path that leads to complete and total destruction.
In sociology this is referred to as vertical collectivism.
That's the power of the spin-off.
And in order to do that for cars, you have to come up with a really energy efficient car, so that means making it incredibly light, and so what you're seeing here is the only all-aluminum body and chassis car made in North America.
It's a condensable in the atmosphere, and so recognizing this circumstance brought to the fore a whole world of bizarre possibilities.
And when we color-code this image, to bring out the faint light levels, we see that these jets feed a plume that, in fact, we see, in other images, goes thousands of miles into the space above Enceladus.
Those are the origami creases forming, and now you can see the airbag inflate and find out, does it work?
Agora, como eu tenho certeza que todos vocês sabem, o popular jogo de playground chamado  British Bulldogs  foi proibido na maioria das escolas porque as pessoas dizem que é muito perigoso.
Mas por fora, ele fez um upgrade na suspensão, melhorou os freios e trabalhou com um comando de válvulas variável no motor.
The only places that remain green -- and that's not good news -- is, in fact, places like the Gobi Desert, like the tundra and like the Sahara.
If you put in ten hours on the exam then you'll probably, you know studying for the exam, then you will probably ace the test and get an A of the course.
It's in the middle of Soho, in this working class neighborhood, this little girl becomes sick and it turns out that the cesspool, that they still continue to have, despite the Nuisances Act, bordered on an extremely popular water pump,
A number of these agricultural improvements came from the Dutch who had chronic problems feeding themselves and discovered that planting different kinds of crops, like clover, that added nitrogen to the soil and can be used to feed livestock at the same time, meant that more fields could be used at once. This increased productivity eventually brought down prices, and this encouraged further innovation in order to increase yield to make up for the drop in prices.
They can be either suppressed or avoided or they are unbearable or lead to uncontrolled reactions. There is a natural tendency of the psyche to resolve problems or conflicts and this tendency is catalyzed and amplified by psychedelic substances. The simultaneous perceptions of emotions and feelings is enhanced considerably.
So a thread is like its own program.
And I love sake and Kobe and all that stuff.
Oldenburg made the binoculars incredible when he sent me the first model of the real proposal.
And in the same way that some practices which make a lot of sense when you think about it that with high-quality people, when you are just doing it and as the way it is when you turn the crane and get a massive number of links - that's something when we are less likely to wanna count those links.
Here's an example of a project they made, a motion-activated confetti canon ball.
Remember, Odysseus tried to keep his secret of the scar by holding back Eurycleia's mouth and swearing her to secrecy under pain of death.
Or Mistborn - A gang of thieves try to rob the dark lord himself.
It's not cheating or cheap in any way because what you're doing, if you're doing it right, is starting with that as a launch-off point, a spring board and then you're going to extrapolate.
I want to become the greatest swordsmen in the world and then devise something about your setting that says  no, you can't do that .
Look at the coffee table -- it grows in height and width to seat 10.
Malgré tous tes petits joujoux je t'éclate quand même iPhone iPad iPoum iChbam !
Now we all, or a big part of us, use Gmail or one of their competitors, but these services are especially popular in totalitarian states like Iran, where dissidents use foreign services like Gmail because they know they are more trustworthy than the local services and they are encrypted over SSL connections, so the local government can't snoop on their discussions.
Among those papers, was this binder entitled  FlNFlSHER.
You've got the playback levels and then you've got the recording levels, which you can adjust — either one of those — from this stem here.
And, we'll come back to those a little bit later. So, the track down menu is one that we'll be using quite a bit. Then you can also mute the tracks if you want to hear the other tracks, and you just, you can mute this one or vice-versa.
No, what I want to urge upon you -- (Laughter) Instead, what I want to urge upon you is militant atheism.
Darwin himself preferred  agnostic  -- and not only out of loyalty to his friend Huxley, who coined the term.
I played softball for five years growing up.
And at about 85 meters of my 100 meters sprint, in all my glory, I came out of my leg.
So now all the words, are in an array on standard input and then we're going to create a new symbol table that associates strings with sets of integers.
I put my snorkel in my mouth, and I rolled over the side of the Zodiac into the water.
So the electron force is going to be weaker-- or the coulomb force is going to be weaker.
You can use it to check if your caviar is really beluga, if that sushi is really tuna, or if that goat cheese that you paid so much for is really goat's.
And it's a very dangerous question, because it leads you to the path of fundamentalism and violence.
For example, one time I wanted to go to Dubai, but because I have a 1951 Geneva Convention passport, I was not allowed.
Posttraumatic stress disorder, PTSD, is a chronic and devastating illness associated with high rates of disability and suicide.
They can stare for hours because the changing scenary, the interactivity of the Biosphere, all of this as an incredible Aesthetic Impact.
Well, imagine a zigzag array of just 24 of these platforms cleaning an entire ocean.
I'm preparing two recipes because I'm going to make one fudge that we will cut with the help of an acetate sheet and another fudge that we are going to roll, so you can still do it in case you dont have acetate at home.
And you normally don't get to see this because we've exhausted the luminescence when we bring them up in nets.
And then finally, I want to show you some responses that we recorded with the world's first deep-sea webcam, which we had installed in Monterey Canyon last year.
I arrived at this screen because I wanted to get help with a USB cellular modem that I had, and I couldn't figure out which of these categories was most likely to be the right one.
Leah Her first encounter with Jacob is covered in a veil and is confident that Rachel glamor to the world of writing, she remained a woman covered his face.h, the world covered.
My man comes from a secular kibbutz members eaters do not know what Yom Kippur is fine.
The patient's name is Thomas Barrett and his record is completely in order.
And within the same room is the fabulous Ionic column, also from the Erechtheion, which is very graceful, and grows more slender as it rises towards the top, with the lovely Ionic capital, with decorative carving underneath.
How big these buildings were. ...the scale of these buildings on top of a hill.
like three greater then five is a true false expression you can let us say but there are three hundred and five yeah and the value of this is false and that's what gets assigned at p so they're certain operations we can use called relational operations who when we evaluate them onto values give us back something that value a sensible e is true or false so let me show you some examples of that by going to the overhead
Then we also see some close-up with what the suitors are all about.
Looks pretty much like old-style assembly language.
But if a guy doesn't have a bow and arrow or a javelin and a lion comes at him, and your javelin is nearby, he will borrow it... he doesn't steal it, he borrows it and he throws it at the lion because that's the only thing he knows that will keep the lion off.
Ki, that's...a 4000 hit combo
The thrum of a rumble chair as you careen past the checkered flag.
Whether or not you're in my business, you have surely heard or read of the decline of the thing called the three-camera sitcom and the rise of reality TV.
First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book- shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly brown hair!
By the use of this ointment-- one shilling the box--
You'll get used to it in time,' said the Caterpillar; and it put the hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.
Have you guessed the riddle yet?' the Hatter said, turning to Alice again.
The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to the other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.
I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so stingy about it, you know--'
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other.
But I love this cartoon from the New Yorker.
There's an old joke about a cop who's walking his beat in the middle of the night, and he comes across a guy under a street lamp who's looking at the ground and moving from side to side, and the cop asks him what he's doing.
The graph on this slide is adapted from Jacob Neilsen's work on heuristic evaluation and what you see is each black square is a bug that a particular evaluator found.
A tipping point was a single instance in time where, where that long, long equilibrium was gonna be suddenly changed drastically.
Each has a definite meaning: hyssop protects against the plague, and tells us that Gisze takes care of his health, the carnation symbolises betrothal, and the rosemary stands for fidelity.
It is not the Queen's address, it is the Government's address, it is the Government's legislative programme that is enunciated there.
My pen moves along the page like the snout of a strange animal shaped like a human arm and dressed in the sleeve of a loose green sweater.
Press tab to play or pause the video and press control to skip back 8 seconds.
And the most studied silk line of them all: major ampullate silk.
I don't say oh it looks like a 1997 Ford F150 pickup truck, right?
So you start with the bagasse, and then you take a very simple kiln that you can make out of a waste fifty five-gallon oil drum.
So we went back to MlT, we took out the Instron machine and we figured out what sort of forces you needed in order to compress a briquette to the level that you actually are getting improved performance out of it?
Because this person is the most secure, the ratings agency, which I'll probably do another whole series of videos on, They might give it, I don't know, a AAA rating.
This guy actually cut off the optic nerve in a hamster, took this clear liquid he still doesn't know why it works, put it inside the hamster... voila... and six weeks to six months later the hamster got it's vision back.
Crystal is just when you have a solid, where the molecules that make up the solid are in a regular, relatively consistent pattern, and this is versus an amorphous solid, where everything is kind of just a hodge-podge and there's different concentrations of different things, of different ions, and different molecules, and different parts of the solid.
And the peculiar thing is that I recently wrote this book, this memoir called  Eat, Pray, Love  which, decidedly unlike any of my previous books, went out in the world for some reason, and became this big, mega-sensation, international bestseller thing.
That's the kind of thought that could lead a person to start drinking gin at nine o'clock in the morning, and I don't want to go there.
Cassava's something that half a billion people eat.
I've failed to mention earlier, I was a bit of a nerd, growing up.
I've had more gala luncheons than you've had hot dinners!
Life is what is scary are like a bridge over the abyss like tightrope right and left do not have rail and should bridge the days when
When I hear the word  valise  I think of could carry around
This doesn't look like bread, it looks like one of those wraps I used to eat at my school's cafeteria...
You'll eat countless gourmet meals.
I have here a tuning fork which oscillates 440 times per second.
And I went in for a job interview in the Richmond Public Schools in Virginia, the capital city, bought a three-piece suit -- my concession to convention -- kept my long beard and my afro and my platform shoes -- at the time it was the '70s -- and I walked in, and I sat down and had an interview.
One geographic concept that could really help you out in a zombie apocalypse is movement.
I just thought of the time I went to the supermarket and asked him for some paté de foie gras.. . and he said, 'Yes, yes, we have cans of paté.'
I am glad that Andersen had his eyes about him.. . and reported it to me immediately.
So this would be, again, a picture of a connected graph, 'cause you can get from any node to any other node just by walking across the edges.
To make a product, to market an idea, to come up with any problem you want to solve that doesn't have a constituency with an otaku, is almost impossible.
When you think of processing these 20 million different genes or trying to optimize processes to produce octane or to produce pharmaceuticals, new vaccines, we can just with a small team, do more molecular biology than the last 20 years of all science.
The big advantage of the hovercraft is it has a footprint pressure of about 33 times less than the human foot.
This - by the way - is why it's uncomfortable to wear your favorite Metallica t-shirt on a sunny day.
It wasn't that there wasn't a market demand for online pet supplies.
And Rufus is going to be doing some improvisation on his custom, five-string electric cello, and it's very exciting to listen to him.
Lee Jungwoo, hurrah~
I like the smiling clown~ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah~
So if we viewed a squared as kind of the independent variable or the x term, so now this kind of has the shape of polynomials that hopefully you're used to factoring a little bit.
Mitzva is from the root 'staff' ('zevet'), not command.
Here, can you shred these now?
I love anything related to the desert, especially the contrast between blue and cream colors.
On the personal side, I'm going to keep on freelancing for the time being and will probably showcase a new exhibition in the next 6 months.
But I'll shove my blowgun up your ass
I'll grab my musket
And Paul Cohen argues that the West thinks of itself as probably the most cosmopolitan of all cultures.
And I can add in a blue gradient and a dove, and I have, like, Don Draper free. (Laughter)
And so I stand here today, Afghan by blood, redneck by the grace of God, (Laughter) an atheist and a radically politicized artist who's been living, working and creating in Afghanistan for the last nine years.
I want to make art that disturbs identity and challenges authority and exposes hypocrisy and reinterprets reality and even uses kind of an imaginative ethnography to try and understand the world that we live in.
I want to spend a day in the life of a jihadi gangster who wears his jihad against the communists like popstar bling and uses armed religious intimidation and political corruption to make himself rich.
This leads us to some interesting questions, such as, is this edition of T.S. Eliot's  The Waste Land,  or this tale for pre-teens about the  Adventures of a Troll,  a book or an app?
Get gangsta with your shovel, okay?
Protective armoured plates evolved around the head and thorax.
I wrote a one-and-a-quarter-million dollar federal transportation grant to design the plan for a waterfront esplanade with dedicated on-street bike paths.
The front of wars is increasingly non-human eyes peering down on our perceived enemies from space, guiding missiles toward unseen targets, while the human conduct of the orchestra of media relations in the event that this particular drone attack hits a villager instead of an extremist.
It raised its young in a pouch, like a koala or a kangaroo would do, and it has a long history, a long, fascinating history, that goes back 25 million years.
And a lot of research since then has shown that he was flat out wrong.
The most common of these are those  pacifist-style achievements,  achievements that suggest you try to play the entire game without attacking anybody. But these can also range from vehicular jump challenges in games like GTA to all those awesome achievements they could put in the HD remake of the original Deus Ex.
So we go out for about five months every summer in a 20-meter catamaran, and we live, sleep and work at sea for weeks at a time.
In fact, we think she has a boutique somewhere in the Bahamas.
So the assumption here is that if you give all Chinese or Iranians or Russians, you know, enough iPods, or enough laptops, or enough, you know, fax machines, they would all somehow, on their own, aspire to democratic change, right? And, of course, this would make a fascinating, you know, title for a column by Thomas Freidman, you know,  Drop iPods, Not Bombs
Our state bird is the NASCAR.
The spread is bland sauerkraut and boiled goose
The tools need for this procedure are: a ratchet and 3/4  socket a 1 1/2  Wrench, Tape Measure and Haas Leveling Tool # T-2181
And I told the author, after they did my interview, that I cheated in that same course.
That's what I put on the employee's pay slip - - it's a requirement, I don't have a choice in the matter - - and of course for the accounting too.
So when the storm is coming up, it drives a pin into the ground.
Say we have two people both of whom debunk every theistic claim put to them.
So this bump over here made it to here.
-But she let me wear my chain and my turtleneck sweater
I took off my yarmulke, because I had no medical equipment, and with a lot of pressure, I stopped his bleeding.
1.5 million people stuffed into mud or metal huts with no services, no toilets, no rights.
This is soap that's made from silver nanoparticles, which have antibacterial properties.
- of poverty, chastity, obedience - ... ... which he clearly honours : • The only trace of a meal, this simple pitcher, • The only sign of a church, this handbell, • His only means of study, this book and parchment. • A heron as symbol of fidelity to the Church
Compare this *transfiguration scene, * where a ravine protected by a frail wooden barrier separates us from the mountain where the miracle is taking place. Here, variations in the terrain serve this separating function.
I'm being told which part of the stick to use.
But in a way, you know, it's the same if I look at you and I see a nice bright young lady with a pink top on.
To do this, unclamp the jaws and rotate the threaded body of the boring ring to adjust the position of the grippers
This will taper the face so the bore is larger diameter at the bottom than at the top
Now Andrew uses a slow drying  bluing compound  to check if he needs to make another slight taper cut
In 1860, Marianne North, an amateur gardener and painter, crossed the ocean to America with letters of introduction, an easel, and a love of flowers.
So for example, here's the same sentence written in English and the same sentence written in Dutch using the same letters of the alphabet.
And they're very formal portraits of the royal family kind of posing and looking powerful, and that's not what this is.
So that's a gamete and this is a gamete.
And I remember that because di- often is a prefix associated with having two of something, and so you have twice the number of chromosomes.
A dog that had never met capric acid would, perhaps, have no more trouble imagining its smell than we would have trouble imagining a trumpet, say, playing one note higher than we've heard a trumpet play before.
There have been three ways to try to impact the brain: the therapist's couch, pills and the knife.
It's called apropos of the Italian adage that I lifted from his forward,
And it was also, of course, surreal.
Then what you do is you heat up the steel, you melt the bitumen, and the bitumen will flow into these micro-cracks, and the stones are again fixed to the surface.
At MlT Media Lab, along with my advisor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rehmi Post, we created this one physical pixel.
I don't want to paint those, so he had a rubber stamp made and placed them down mechanically.
Now when the mystic part of me jabbers on and on like this, the warrior rolls her eyes.
In January of this year leaked documents from a U.K. based military defense contractor revealed that proposal by Qatar to have the firm provide the false evidence that Syria had given the go ahead for the use chemical weapons in the country.
It's been awhile I don't make vlogs for you, but a lot of people are asking me to come back making the vlogs.
One for Sorted, I made a brigadeiro for them,
He's the mascot of the expo, and he looks strangely familiar.
[3rd movement of Bach's Sonata for violin and harpsichord in A major, BWV 1015 starts] (Stephen Malinowski)
So the only way to control this message is actually to try to spin it and accuse anyone who has written something critical of being, for example, a ClA agent.
The agreement which gave the United States a distinct financial advantage was made in the condition that those dollars were to remain redeemable for gold at a consistent rate of 35 dollars per ounce.
For example, the Milwaukee voucher program.
Well, if I receive a photo on my whatsapp for example with a naked young girl and I upload it on Tuenti.
He says it like crate of vegetables, jade comes, brought to you by tomatoes.
Too rude, too boisterous; and it pricks like thorn.
Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night.
That gallant spirit hath aspir'd the clouds,
Dry up your tears, and stick your rosemary
An alligator stuff'd, and other skins Of ill-shaped fishes; and about his shelves
Doth make against me, of this direful murder; And here I stand, both to impeach and purge
The reindeer had eaten all of the fodder available on the island so mass starvation followed.
By the 1980s, no reindeer were left.
Soon you are going to find your pump will pack out, because the energy released into the C-H part of your seals, they become like jelly.
You enjoy playing with it, and then you see different structures. And if you can buy... like the pressure cooker you have is fantastic, because if you use this as an outlet chamber, not the inlet chamber, every now and then open it up and have a look at what's inside it.
It's literally the teaser.
These teachers call themselves  pick-up artists .
I'd go to the general store for a cup of coffee and a brownie, and I'd ship my film to San Francisco, and lo and behold, two days later, it would end up on my front door, which was way better than having to fight the traffic of Hollywood. (Music)
One day, while my father was working on a file for us to obtain French nationality, I happened to see some documents that caught my attention.
And if you have an agronomist on your island or a series of them, they can advise you as what is best to grow in that tropical region.
Now when you look at this, this is a complicated map, but you look at this and you think, wow this reminds me of something.
If you say there is exclusivity, and you don't see why the cobalt is used, and it's used in your own body, so, what's going to happen to the vegetarians who don't take B-12?
This guy built a bowling alley in his backyard, out of landscaping timbers, astroturf.
We can say having a virus on Internet is a risk but we don't mind or even being swindled a little amount of money is not the thing that worries us the most.
Everything becomes 'saleable and purchaseable.'
This is called the extensive [inaudible] game, where one player, who's player one, takes, makes some sort of decision and then another player, player two, takes some sort decision, and then the players get payoffs.
And if you weren't just looking at a little section of the fibers, those fibers would be going in helices around the long axis of the skeleton -- something like a Chinese finger trap, where you stick your fingers in and they get stuck.
Last night at 2am I had to go to the head [restroom] and in the time it took me, she made the bed.
It has always been the elusive ideal to ensure full participation of people affected by disasters in the humanitarian effort.
And for me it's either a brioche or a challa bread.
This is a great thing to do the night before, and you can just bake the whole thing like a casserole which I can demonstrate in a future video for you.
You know, one of the problems with the fiasco of suburbia is that it destroyed our understanding of the distinction between the country and the town, between the urban and the rural.
I would think that this was an archaic carnivorous mammal or what we call a creodont, but it is here. It was part of the animal's inner ear and it had a distinctive shape, a shape found today in only one kind of animal: whales.
GEHRlNG: And this question we tested by taking the mouse gene and putting it into fruit flies to see whether flies can understand the message of the mouse.
CARROLL: So what this means is in some ways, some sense, evolution is a simpler process than we first thought... when you think about all of the diversity of forms out there. We first believed that this would involve all sorts of novel creations starting from scratch, again and again and again.
Stuxnet doesn't carry the usual forged security clearance that help viruses burrow into systems it actually had a real clearance stolen from one of the most reputable computer technology companies in the world it exploited security gaps that system creators are unware of these holes are known as  zero days  and the most successful viruses exploit them the details of a zero day can be sold on the black market for $100,000
I compost it in this garden.
Next time you fucking use a birthcontrol pill Thank Emma
It's what they believed about America that got them to travel in a bus for eight hours to stand in the sun in Washington in the middle of August.
And that's twice the energy output, weight for weight, than a hummingbird -- absolutely astonishing.
To me and people younger than me language is the key to communications, opportunities, and cross-cultural understanding.
Also just like paper, around our workspace we'll pin things up to the wall to remember them later, and I can do the same thing here, and you know, you'll see post-it notes and things like that around people's offices.
And one afternoon, while he was recording, there suddenly appeared from out of nowhere a couple of game wardens, who for no apparent reason, walked over to the beaver dam, dropped a stick of dynamite down it, blowing it up, killing the female and her young babies.
The fee is 5000 a day.
This is a land yacht racing across the desert in Nevada.
Need a moment, try the chocolate caramel and fresh cookie crunch of Twix.
The Bonsai table.
- I'll smack you in the face.
It is axiomatic to say that many ideas which will enable progress and benefit society in the future will be hideously opposed and fought in the present-day.
Since the state was born out of tribal sovereignty where independent authority is claimed over a geographical area (a region which had been stolen from some other group who will likely claim the same thing at some point) the issue of protection is inherent and consequential
However, you will not see the political establishment or mainstream media expressing this view at all to the public in its day-to-day affairs even though Brzezinski will argue it as though it's common sense.
In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism.
Okay, now I don't want to alarm anybody in this room, but it's just come to my attention that the person to your right is a liar.
They meet in the middle, and they create subatomic particles like the charm quark and the tau lepton.
But beyond these basics, the lectures will be self contained.
It was as if I was living in a stagnant pool and cancer dynamited the boulder that was separating me from the larger sea.
Like if you were to type in lasagna and then click over on the left-hand side and click on the recipes, that's the sort of thing where using a schema.org markup might help because then you're more likely to be showing up in that at all.
I've actually seen some people want to go for the p, but the main thing I ignore is just the di- or the tri- in front of the isopropyl.
I'm so experienced that when you went to a privileged school to learn a Shakespearean sonnet,
And you need the local people for that because these grasslands, once they start burning ... It goes through it like a windstorm and you lose again the last bit of ash and nutrients to the first rainfall -- going to the sea killing off the coral reefs there.
On the top left, underneath those green stripes, you see some white dots -- those are actually individual pineapple plants that you can see from space.
The kimono in this shot pretty much had to be hand-drawn, or pieced together, picking out the remaining parts of color and detail that the water hadn't damaged.
While Facebook, Linkedln, and Twitter reign in North America, other networks are more popular in different countries, like Orkut in Brazil and India for a similar Facebook experiences, or Weibo in China for microblogging like Twitter.
Text  schema handler   I'll use  wsgiref,  which is python standard web application container.
I'll just type,  appcfig update  to deploy my application and then the naming application directory.
And I've always believed that it's the instrument of peace, because if everyone played the ukulele, this world would be a much happier place.
The writing system became streamlined into a phonetic alphabet that we know as cuneiform.
Very famous, very accomplished Italian mountaineer,
And that's frankly where the word conic comes from.
This is a film that is the culmination of 22 years of research and discovery and journey in Space and time and consciousness and it's going to be the most significant release of information on the UFO subject and new Energy that has ever occured.
We need to spend more time appreciating what already exists, and less time agonizing over what else we can do.
He was sitting next to a transvestite with a long black wig and mascara running down her cheeks.
Now, it's the resurgence of tuberculosis, because what happened? the same things what I have, what I mentioned with antibiotics, the resistance.
To isolate the effect of placement and identifying and explaining the cause of roll, he needs to isolate that as a variable by saying randomizing the order of search results.
And it looks like I'm running out of time, but what I'll show you in the next video is that that potential energy gets converted into another type of energy. And I think you might be able to guess what type that is because this object is going to be moving really fast right before it hits the ground. I'll see you in the next video.
The default view for results is called the Summary view, and lists only the basic information about the article.
United Fruit  didn't like that very much. And so, they hired a public relations firm, launched a huge campaign in the United States, to convince the United States people, the citizens of the United States, the press of the United States and the congress of the United States, that Árbenz was a soviet puppet and that if we allowed him to stay in power, the Soviets would have a foothold in this hemisphere.
There's 100 percent star anise in there.
And people, at the time, feared that South Africa would end up going the way that Rwanda has gone, descending into one skirmish after another in a civil war that seems to have no end.
It will be easy for anybody to go ahead and print their own bio-virus, enhanced versions of ebola or anthrax, weaponized flu.
And in this newspaper they ran a headline (about seven years ago)
His first astronomical telescope was based... ...on a spyglass of Dutch manufacture.
Near an ice cliff of Titan... ...through a rare break in the clouds of organic molecules... ...we can see, looming and lovely, the ringed planet, Saturn.
So, it's two profiles in black, or a white vase in the middle.
You find him at the bench every single day, working on a pipette and building stuff.
The project did find strong support from the guidance counselor and a few teachers who became advisors.
So there's nothing fancy here.
I was a customs officer for Canada back in the mid-'90s.
limit of the land; loitering under the shady lee of yonder warehouses will not suffice.
What bitter blanks in those black-bordered marbles which cover no ashes!
Its panelled front was in the likeness of a ship's bluff bows, and the Holy Bible rested on a projecting piece of scroll work, fashioned after a ship's fiddle- headed beak.
Another room in the Monty Python skit involves abuse.
Don't give me that, you snotty-faced heap of parrot droppings.
You see how this induction step is kinda like a domino, it cascades and we can go on and on forever so it works for all positive integers.
And when I said I'm going to go out and do a 15-hour swim, and we're coming into the dock after a long day and it's now night, and we come in and it's 14 hours and 58 minutes and I can touch the dock and we're done, the trainer says,  That's great.
And before we go any further into the meeting, I just want to let you know you can Tweet, if you are interested relative to Annual Meeting.
So they can't hear your intonation or see the tears dripping from your cheeks even though it turns out that this break-up is going to be one of the best things that ever happened to you, so THAT is the challenge that Shakespeare faces, and it's also the challenge that YOU face whenever you write for an audience, whether it's a novel or a pedantic Youtube comment about the accuracy of our Gallifreyan.
There's a famous book by Burton L keel call, A Random Walk Down Wall Street.
And moreover... ...he's wearing a ruby worth 500 gold florins.
She was so scared she mistook the priest's drawers... ...for her veil and opened the door with them on her head!
To prepare the cocktail, you just need a little bit of fresh thyme, mint, 4 fresh cherries, mash everything with a little bit of honey, and then you complete with champagne and ice on top.
And the price had gone down from 10 dollars a watt to about four or five dollars a watt, but it stabilized.
What if we collect the sun with a large reflector --
I'm going to have a couple of beers and a banana nut muffin.
First thing I'm going to make for our papaya brûlée is a raspberry compote.
Some remember his name as Molemo Cano, others Molemo Canaqua, a variation on the Swahili word for pilot.
Let's say within this cylinder, I have a thin piece of foil or something that takes up the entire cross-sectional area of the cylinder.
He said,  Dave, I pulled up the X-ray image on the screen on the computer at home.
And going to a casino and playing blackjack.
The point I want to make here about Marx and other prophets was that, in a sense, they were seen major historic changes happening around them and arguing for a hinge in world history.
And you don't have to now go and instrument living rooms with microphones to get people's conversations, you just tune into publicly available social media feeds.
So we see Candomble in Brazil, Santeria in
like the older son? But why is he so anxious to involve us in a picture which was not intended for a church, and was still in his studio when he died?
My observatory is a porch... and has a roof!
Looking closer at this crevice there appears to be a hole, on the side, to the right of this tower.
I love myth and magic and existentialism and self-loathing.
Because I could actually use some of that real estate. We are going to take the limit as A approaches infinity. You don't always have to do this, but this is the first time we're dealing with improper intergrals.
I can take a heat pack, like the kind you buy at a pharmacy.
Now, when I was growing up, he used to tell me stories about how he used to bayonet people, and their intestines would fall out, but they would keep running.
I was fooling around with my harmonica and he joins in.
He seldom walks up to a public telephone without shoving his finger in the slot to see if somebody left a nickel.
Okay, root kit, this worthy topic.
Which can be amazing about The Game Of Life as well as the one dimension cellular automaton models that we study next, because we're going to see how really complicated the process of aggregation is.
And as she carried the knife, she walked toward me and she held the clitoris, and she cut it off.
As if that automatic rifle was presented to your three years old son.
How the hell can prosecutor Roswall mix up megabit and megabyte?
And it may be a little bit of a glimpse as to what might be happening some decades out as we start to have cyborg bodies for exploration or for other means in many sort of post-human futures that I can imagine, as a science fiction fan.
Giambattista della Porta, a Neapolitan scholar in the 16th century, examined and studied the natural world and saw how it could be manipulated.
Smile for the laptop!
So let's call that, fake data example.
The petal of that flower looks like that, so the ant is kind of crawling over these objects, and if you look a little bit closer at this stigma and the stamen here, this is the style of that flower, and you notice that it's got these little -- these are like little jelly-like things that are what are called spurs.
So maybe I would take this whole idea and go to private corporations that would have this mutually shared benefit to it, but I was quickly told by some corporations that my personal passion project was not a brand fit because they didn't want their logos stamped across the ghettos of Haiti.
When tenacious little ones learn how to garden like this, it's no wonder we get fruit like that.
Like, for example, a hive of bees that's finding a new nesting site, or a flock of birds that's evading a predator, or a flock of birds that's able to pool its wisdom and navigate and find a tiny speck of an island in the middle of the Pacific, or a pack of wolves that's able to bring down larger prey.
The epigraph for all of Frankenstein comes from Paradise Lost.
So, the first class Iíil work with is an ArrayList that requires me to add the System.Collections namespace.
For now, letís make the default sorting method by title.
There's actual, there, each chapter of the book has a very good bibliography as well, very up to date on what further readings you might want to pursue.
Let's go to your father's storeroom see if we can find some canned beef for my brother.
A wasp top ten, right, sequel injection, cross side scripting, are you vulnerable to any of this stuff, no, okay.
So each bears a golden phonograph record... ...with not only the brain waves of a woman from Earth... ...but also an anthology of music, pictures and sounds of our planet... ...including greetings in 60 human languages... ...and the salutations of the humpback whales.
He developed an interesting outsourcing model for sexual services, (Laughter) no longer tied to a single monopoly provider, in many cases, sourcing things locally, and of course, the ability to have between one and three girls delivered at any time led for better load-balancing.
Then, I don't look it, but I was the Indian national squash champion for three years.
Provide me with liberty or bestow upon me fatality?
PlayStation or Xbox?
The menace of nuclear radiation is deeply ingrained in Japanese popular culture, most famously in the Godzilla franchise, and the anime film Akira.
In this lecture we will identify some core analytic features of organizations.
Doubly ironic, in this case, because their absolutism is in fact the opposite of faith.
Now we have diphosphate, adenosine triphosphate, so instead of a tri here we just write a di.
There was the florist, and I can understand that, once again, we're putting pressure on the ontology of music as we know it conventionally, but let's look at one last piece today I'm going to share with you.
This was the  blitzkrieg , a devastating tactic combining quick movement of troops, tanks and massive use of air power to support infantry movements.
So I packed my cat, my Rottweiler and my camping gear into a 1975 Chevy van, and drove off into the sunset, having fully failed to realize three critical things.
The score / all daughters of Zion, young adult, Dossey, ultra torrent, ketchup and mayonnaise and g-d looks at it and say this unity, I can not say no.
When was a distressing his wife she would say to him you Rabbi Shimon packing a cooler lament and going and tell Rabbi Simeon
It's one of my favorite ones, because we've done several stories on Bt corn. Bt corn is a corn that creates its own pesticide to kill a corn borer.
This kind of reflection model is called Toon Shading, or Cel Shading, or sometimes Posterization. Toon is short for cartoon. Cel is short for celuloid, the material for the transparent sheets that are used when animation is drawn by hand.
This is an amazing picture from a Czech photographer named Jack Hedley.
Here are some of the things they say prevents cancer: crusts, red pepper, licorice and coffee.
The cashiers at your grocery store, the foreman at your plant, the guy tailgating you home on the highway, the telemarketer calling you during dinner, every teacher you've ever had, everyone that's ever woken up beside you, every politician in every country, every actor in every movie, every single person in your family, everyone you love, everyone in this room and you will be dead in a hundred years.
Mountain climbing is a really challenging thing.
And it was actually invented, this right here is the guillotine, and it was actually invented as a more humane way to kill people.
And who is asking me clothes she has style, she does not go to a bazaar Strauss ..
And then there is static apnea.
But this one is fairly short-lived. Napoleon says gee, I got these guys on my eastern front.
Masterfully woven from the highest-quality silver into an intricate filigree design the Sea-fan Pendant brings a shimmering statement of individuality to highlight any outfit with ease and flair
Orville Wright powered the first airplane across a beach in North Carolina.
And as I've stated before, if people can't become conscious enough to realize the limits of their environment to understand that it is flagrantly irresponsible to say have a 50-room mansion and a gold-plated toilet seat these are distorted values that have no sustainability from a physical viewpoint.
So you can a jack of diamonds, a jack of clubs a jack of spades or a jack of hearts.
The second game was a freestyle chess tournament in 2005, in which man and machine could enter together as partners, rather than adversaries, if they so chose.
He doesn't remember if he stole my chocolate bar, but he remembers the year of release for every song on my iPod, conversations we had when he was four, weeing on my arm on the first ever episode of Teletubbies, and Lady Gaga's birthday.
TEHERAN November 30, 1943 Gentlemen.
Gitt kick Mrs. shine cute just my kids with ice cream and igloo and cover many stuck and screaming
I remember all the girls were doing a crochet needle cape cape shall be composed of two such huge squares usually very trendy colors were so blue and red red line and blue line and I always end of the year
I was in my room next week traumatic, I give birth at home naturally, with a doula fig, do not know how to call it all these natural things,
And, there's also the self-serve bike service.
And the cool part is, one sachet substitutes one bath for five rand.
And we think it's a given, and toys and lingerie are going to save us with that.
It means soldiers are not needed to patrol our streets.
They killed about 12,000 sharks within this period, literally just by stringing a Manila rope off the tip of Keem Bay up in Achill Island.
For example, if we were requesting a JSON file, we would specify the file name that we were interested in.
Ray Charles created the prototype for soul music when he based  I Got a Woman  on the gospel song  It Must be Jesus.
Anytime, any place...your move.
It's been estimated that two thirds of the melodies Dylan used in his early songs were borrowed. This is pretty typical among folk singers.
And she tells them, I matriarch Rachel, and it's raised lots of eyebrows and says Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, a wonderful article he wrote, is the son of Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu zt read his article  I saw you, It's not a mirage
OK. But now eat your octopus gnocchi.
I call this process  patternicity  -- that is, the tendency to find meaningful patterns in both meaningful and meaningless noise.
To feel the warm thrill of confusion That space cadet glow
In fact, she became so annoying as she kept insisting on telling this story to her neighbors, to her friends, to other people in the community, that eventually a bunch of them got together and they made a bumper sticker, which they proudly displayed on their cars, which said,
I called it  Serious Nonsense  because on the serious side, I use a technique of painstaking realism of editorial illustration from when I was a kid.
But the zeppelin was the biggest thing that ever moved made by man.
Where we left off in the last video, we had a mature, massive star, a star that had started forming a core of iron and it has enormous inward pressure on this core because as we form heavier and heavier elements in the core, the core gets denser and denser, and so we keep fusing more and more elements into it, and so this core becomes more and more massive, more and more dense, squeezing in on itself, and so. . . It's not fusing! That is not exothermic anymore!
The problem of using the cornstarch is that your cream will be like this
It just goes to defect condemned, g-d forbid daughters, I do not know such a
What do we do, imprisoned him in the Safari with a fillet teach the facts of life
When I looked down at my plate, I saw the last chicken wing, that my foster father had given me his.