As you know, a significant part of Wales has been given Objective I status under the Structural Funds programme.
Let me also remind you that when the leader of your party, Mr Hague, was Secretary of State for Wales he violated all the articles in the supplementary draft, which led to a strict letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies on regulatory requirements.
In this sense, French speakers will surely call the EU coup de chapeau, that is, I take off my hat.
Most of them actually translate into the political differences that exist between us as regards the opportunity and the effectiveness of State aid, regardless of the insufficiencies, acknowledged or not, of the only private investments, market failures or market failures.
I would like to thank Mr von Wogau personally and profoundly for his hard work in examining the White Paper dossier and the quality of his report.
In this connection I should like to address a few words to the idea, which I think is excellent, put forward by Mr Riis-Jørgensen and Mr Huhne, namely the idea of monitoring implementation.
The existing control committee can only control the independence of the Director of the Office.
In my view, illegal State aid amounts to little more than unfair social competition sponsored by the State.
It is also inadmissible for a public institution to own the copyrights to public documents.
Lack of accountability, too much prediction of results, too little return on investment and hence a culture based on making very few truly effective investments.
I do not know whether it is the best mark of all the resolutions tabled here, but of course of these kinds of resolutions there is no doubt.
I can also specifically assure the Assembly that we are not looking for what is sometimes called a big bang approach .
Subject: Proposal for a Regulation fixing the Allowable Catches totals for certain fish stocks for the year 2000 (Specific case of anchovy) According to the latest reports of the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea, anchovy stocks in ICES zone VIII are currently in a critical condition.
If, by means of instruments similar to the Tobin tax, we make it difficult for this 'feedback' interconnection mechanism to function, which gives the user the choice, we could make mistakes whose economic consequences would be so costly that the funds raised by the tax could never cover those losses.
If we also include the private sector, we will find that this famous financial stability has not only not been achieved, but also, very likely, we are sitting on a volcano that is about to explode at any moment.
It makes no sense for any Schengen worker because he or she has already been screened for entry into the first Member State and the second Member State can, ex ante, justifiably refuse that worker entry into its territory.
To achieve that 50% or more of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, we cannot be content with certain hot spots that will be more profitable in the short term.
I should therefore like to recommend to Members of this Parliament that, despite their political affiliation, they vote against the amendments to the common position which will weaken the environmental standard and soften the liability of manufacturers.
Let me comment - listen carefully to what I have to say, since this has been repeated in the debate - on the subject of old and amateur cars referred to in Amendments Nos 3, 7, 9, second part and 35.
This joint resolution applauds the initiative of the fourteen Member States to pressure Austria into a kind of diplomatic boycott.
Special emphasis is also placed on dissemination of results and on mutual learning through good practice and cross-cutting.
Since the LEADER programme is a kind of workshop with a bottom-up concept, in recent years a huge number of ideas have been born through LEADER I and LEADER II that will naturally one day cease to be new and successful.
However, I have come to the conclusion that the timetable has in fact been very accurate.
The question is very important and I would like to know, because it can be said that it is a small scam, if the Commissioner will ensure that these funds are not withheld from the Andalusians, because the funds that the European Union will pay to Andalusia, using the census as a criterion, take into account those 400 000 children whom Aznar does not count when it comes to providing them with schools, services.
The Commission's proposals which we are discussing allow for the lifting of the measures required by this directive.
In conclusion, Mr President, let me remind you that the directive needs a new image to make UCITS even more attractive, but it does not need a European corset, which would suffocate them.
All these events, which unfortunately have been added to time and place, cause the soulless, intolerant, racist and violent fanatics that we all have in our territories, and who thank God are a minority, to ignite the spark of xenophobia.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, since we are talking about employment, I would like to recall the also very serious matter of the bankruptcy of wholesalers, travel agents and their repercussions, mainly in hotels, small and mediumsized enterprises without the necessary organisation and without access to information to enable them to know the creditworthiness of the counterparty.
And when something else comes up, it does not seem to me right that the agenda of the various committees, already overloaded by itself, should always be shortened because of the show we are organising.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the planned liberalization of traditional national postal services inevitably raises the question of what these services will consider their main business in the future, their core activity, in other words, what the postal services themselves will want to do, what they will want to do in cooperation with their international counterparts and what they will not do.
This question must be answered on the basis that the traditional monopoly is in fact being undermined by all sorts of messaging companies and by technological advances such as fax and email.
In this context, so-called activity-based management is the key instrument for ensuring a correspondence between objectives, actions and resources.
For this reason, they constitute a test of credibility for the common foreign and security policy of the Union.
I also think that we should not underestimate - and I ask you a question - the power and strength of the pressure groups in the Foreign Ministries.
The combination of policies that we are putting in place would have to allow for the full absorption of these capacities.
I do not believe that the status of stocks or the current scandalous waste disposal system is a good example of the goodness of the system, which therefore requires, in my view, major improvements.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, as rapporteur for the directive on port installations receiving waste, I would like to make a few observations, including on the prevention of marine pollution, which have come to my attention and which, in my opinion, were little discussed at the Hamburg Conference on Green Shipping in which we were all present.
We know that, on behalf of businessmen, UNICE is discovering its game in the preparatory documents for the European Business Summit in Brussels in June: the public authorities are called upon to remove all social, regulatory and fiscal barriers to business development and to invest massively in safeguarding demand.
Increases in the media, mobile telephony and programming have not been able to compensate for job losses in the telecommunications sector, in the electronics industry and the effects of the rationalization of information technologies in other sectors of the economy.
I would therefore like to reopen the debate on corporate governance on the broader concept of enterprise as a society of citizen participation, including the role of social partners and all those involved.
In this respect, we have recommended during the proceedings a so-called comitology, which could be of invaluable help.
I have no time to pause on other elusive and moderate, too moderate aspects of your programme: the environment, health, justice, transport, security, as well as the hasty enlargement of the Union which has provoked criticism from its predecessor Jacques Delors, the promotion of the online economy which is one of the many remedies for unemployment, or the defence of citizen consumers rather than citizen consumers.
This is why we must also take into account what we call capacity-building, i.e. the technical assistance measures that must be implemented so that this access is not merely theoretical but concrete.
The need to intervene in attacks on independent journalists, the need to defend insubordinates and deserters, as well as the need to develop smart sanctions, smart sanctions, which do not add to the misery of large groups of the population, but are aimed at tyrannical politicians who have accumulated wealth.
It is a mixture between Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, which is a sensational mixture in itself, and this group never takes part in technical deliberations.
The new directive, which we are presented with today, has been applied to the very end, and could well end up replacing the definition of chocolate as we know it.
With the rise of information technology, there are mergers and redundancies.
Citizens need to become familiar with new ways and relationships of working in the information and communication industry, both in the IT component sector and in the programming, service or consulting sector.
A 10% depreciation of the dollar and yen against the euro, accompanied by a 10% fall in the price of gold, would wipe out all of the ECB's current capital.
I have just received from a colleague the bulletin of the session on yesterday's debate on the Ludford report, and I must say with dismay that the statement I made on behalf of my Group is not there.
Firstly, that we will seek better international standards within the framework of the ICAO, that we will cooperate within the ICAO and that we will seek a common goal, which is to reduce, even more, noise at airports, and therefore better noise levels, by applying the most modern technologies with a period of gradual reduction of the noisiest aircraft with the establishment of a Chapter 4.
Many see the issue of silencing devices as the first example of how the new Parliament and the new Commission will deal with aviation issues in the future.
This has appealed to powerful American companies, such as aircraft manufacturers, but it hurts them because at the same time they are investors who own thousands of leased aircraft with an option to buy from every country in the world, aircraft that, outdated, would have difficulty operating in Europe.
We have proposed to the Americans - if they consider that this definition of the ratio of derivatives constitutes discrimination; we understand that we do not - that we can look for a different definition.
Conclusion: a new phase is needed, with the Portuguese and French Presidencies, a new beginning in Euro-Mediterranean policy, which can drive a virtuous circle towards the objectives correctly outlined at the Barcelona Euro-Mediterranean Conference in November 1995.
On the other hand, we have the newly born stock exchange trading systems in the Netherlands and Denmark, which still have many administrative and technical problems to solve.
We must all finally understand that while we as Members of Parliament must carry out our control tasks with the utmost rigor, we are not detectives or prosecutors, let alone vengeful angels, angels of vengeance, so to speak.
In all new legislation we need to strike a better balance between self-regulation and public regulation, in line with what, in the conclusions of the Lisbon Summit, is called, in some initiatives, regulation.
Secondly, what marketing managers would call supplies are often different.
The underlying one man-one vote principle is unacceptable.
But it is reassuring to me that so many colleagues agree that the proposals contained in paragraphs 52 and 58 constitute a list of the purchase of an exaggerated extension which, as things stand, may not be taken seriously at the Intergovernmental Conference.
One is the compulsory pillar, the prepayment system; the other is the capitalisation system, which is above it.
Amendment No 34 requires that fair trade bananas be supported regardless of the country of origin.
In order to make this visible, it seems preferable that the two partners use an identical emblem and slogan in the planned activities.
It is now true that yogurt, if sweeteners or other additional products are added to it, is a product not included in Annex I. If it is a natural yogurt, which contains milk and nothing else, then it is a dairy product and not a product not included in Annex I. For natural yogurt we have not paid export refunds for a long time, for flavored yogurt we have to pay them.
Medical reports have pointed out that in the areas surrounding airports there are unacceptably serious health problems, such as insomnia, high blood pressure, stress and depression.
We have a system which will be managed by users and I would like to go ahead and tell the Commission this afternoon that we need a very comprehensive and very fast system for responding to users' problems and questions arising from the use of this directive.
In view of the high unemployment rate still maintained in Europe, it is worth remembering, as the saying goes, that the early bird catches the worm.
The desire to maintain this high aid per hectare for hemp cultivation is actually the result of a very strange collaboration between those who want the legalization of hashish on the one hand and the speculators at the expense of Community subsidies on the other.
And to save even fuel in the manufacture of the flour they lowered the cooking temperature thus allowing the pathogen of BSE to survive, is the tragic result of the race for profit and the British agricultural model.
Each country has its own regulations governing the speed, safety and convenience of travel: traffic on the network is only permitted if all these provisions are met.
It will be necessary to undertake the necessary reforms which Member States must undertake in order to reduce the burden on businesses, reduce labour costs, support actions aimed at supporting continuing training in the field of a knowledge-based economy, and encourage research so that Europe can recover the gap between the United States and Japan.
High-speed lines should be designed primarily for the tourism, relaxation and recreation of all European citizens, especially older people who would enjoy travelling if there were more comforts and more passenger trains than goods.
National differences represent a major obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe, despite the numerous advantages of this means of transport in terms of stable development, pollution and safety.
The Commission should make further efforts to reduce the so-called roaming charges charged by operators to their customers in all EU countries to a more reasonable level in line with the actual costs.
I want to warn those who practice the salami tactic against Strasbourg and Luxembourg.
The ambiguity regarding the limits of the Commission's role is particularly evident in the field of security and should be made clear once and for all, since we must not forget that the successes of the European integration project are based on the harmonious partnership between Parliament and the Commission, which must be restored and worked on.
Mr President, the resolution proposed by Mrs Lalumière is intended to give parliamentary cover to the proclamation of the European Union, together with NATO, as an international police officer, even when and where NATO waits, as was the case in Helsinki, with the corresponding proposal of means and structures.
I am pleased to see the impact of Beijing's platform and action concepts.
I think it is particularly important that the knowledge of European and Member State organisations is used in the reconstruction process and that NGOs and local experts are also included.
However, there is no doubt that, from an institutional point of view, the deadlock we are in is very serious.
The summit was about ideas labs, contacts with NGOs, new networks.
Mr Patten has called it embarrassing for the EU and the Commission and called it the worst form of development aid management, Mr Nielson has been content to call it undelivered pizza.
The complexity of the recognition of qualifications in Europe gives rise to documents such as this one, which, despite the efforts of Parliament and the Commission itself, is a genuine collage.
The regulation we are discussing today is a direct consequence of the recommendations of the parliamentary inquiry into EEB at the time, which laid down the comprehensive management of the chain, i.e. the principle of the stable at the table, and, with it, the maximum traceability of raw materials.
I am thinking, for example, of the monopolies in road transport, with all the consequences for the prices with which cabotage must connect the seaport of Bilbao.
In its report Parliament therefore points to the need for a one-stop-shop approach when providing logistical transport services to end users.
We conclude that, first of all, it is necessary to simplify the regulation in order to speed up the process in order to increase transparency, including the means necessary for the Commission to examine the dossier and for the Council to monitor it.
This could only be carried out, for example, as recycling or on-the-job training.
This leads us to a foreign policy of the European Union with other guidelines and leads us to integration with the Commissioner for Foreign Affairs, Mr CFSP, Mr Solana, and the Council, each of whom has a specific role to play.
I welcome Commissioner Nielson's conference of 28 September 2000 and I hope that she will lead us to a shock plan to tackle these problems even more vigorously in the future.
Nor is it a coincidence that Blair himself proposed the free broadcasting of the television signal receiver, foreshadowing a double advantage: on the one hand, for the economy and, on the other, for the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
I do not agree with it because the communication is re-introducing the old European stereotype of television and cinema: direct public intervention through public enterprises, social welfare, denial of the nature of the market which the audiovisual sector has increasingly assumed.
There has been a lot of misinformation about this, raised in part by the UK Conservatives; the sensationalist press has made headlines about the EU's shameful plots to force the UK to accept gay lovers of refugees.
I just want to make it clear that in the part of Germany where I come from this word does not mean anything else in English that I work hard.
There is no doubt that doping is changing the sport and that sport will change for doping, which will lead us to a real Roman circus if we do nothing to prevent it.
Not in vain, the Atlanta Olympics were called the Olympic War by the leader of the Dutch delegation, André Bolhuis, probably because of the thousands of displaced police officers and the hostile atmosphere that the American public and its media created in front of sports fans from other countries.
In early youth, in school, the motto of learning for life is repeated.
We need permanent training and education in general culture in order to be able to resist the attempt to create a totalitarian European state, whose political governing body we would be.
Mr President, I have voted in favour of this important document, the importance of which, worth redundancy, has been highlighted by all the speakers, and in particular by Mrs Echerer, who has said that the individual must learn for himself, by Mr Posselt, who could be credited by the Pensioners' Party for his resolute support for the elderly, and by Commissioner Barnier himself, who has ensured a specific commitment to this.
And that puzzle requires the revision of the Dublin Convention, the decision we have today taken to propose a directive on minimum standards for the common asylum procedure and the technical preparation work for the Eurodac system, which has not stopped, continues and which, of course, can only be implemented when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
In an intentional fire, which occurred at a passing hostel in Wuppertal, three children were slightly injured.
I would like to acknowledge and stress that special aid in this area should favour women as entrepreneurs and I would also like to stress that we, as Parliament, should urge the Commission to accompany this process of progress in this area with a comparative analysis and a process of results.
I take this opportunity to invite Commissioner Verheugen to act as an intermediary before the Commission and the Council of Europe itself, so that the Union can reconsider its position and invite the Serbian opposition which has won the elections not to defect from the second round, thus giving Milosevic a virtual victory without a political confrontation which could be a dangerous pretext to remain in power.
Similarly, there are technological differences between the East and the West: compared to their four internet connections per thousand inhabitants, we have sixteen.
It is very important that this is not a flag of convenience, but that all the measures prescribed by the Community acquis are actually applied here, so that security is taken into account.
The financial forecasts therefore do not seem to us sufficient, since the gap between the identified infrastructure needs and the existing financing instruments in the Union plus the possibilities of the candidate countries themselves is too great and public-private partnership financing models can only be made conditional.
I remember my colleague Hoppenstedt struggling to get the protective chip accepted.
We have a responsibility to offer our young people the possibility of building a future society where violence and aggression are not seen as cheap or cool or worth imitating, but deeply despicable.
We therefore believe that, firstly, the common European indices, a work which is currently under way, and also the national objectives, namely the need for each country to draw up a scoreboard on itself and to monitor it, are a first step that can give us concrete results.
While the fever of both cloning and GMOs seems to have taken hold of the Commission, Mrs Ponente has reached a real frenzy, adding to the term GMOs genotypes she sees everywhere.
However, I will vote in favour of the so-called effectiveness reserve, because I believe that we need more information at this stage, and as far as I am concerned, that information has to be about the exact conditions of early retirement and what the consequences may be for staff when, in 2004, or perhaps as early as 2003, there are also officials from the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
In other words, around the table of the common European house, some would eat a card and others the minimum menu.
In order to launch the system, the Commission has formulated a hard core of premises: the system must be based on a learning by doing approach, it must be started in 2005 and, in a first phase, it must be limited to carbon dioxide and large-scale concrete sources.
Since it is clear that CO2 is the main driver of climate change and that transport continues to increase, concrete proposals on how to limit urban traffic, correctly manage traffic or properly set road tariffs must be made.
The objective should be a single payment zone in which cross-border payments have to meet the same requirements and apply the same costs, as with domestic transactions.
Taken literally, this article would mean that a socialist party could not discriminate against conservatives who wanted to run as their candidates or that an opera company would have to offer soprano roles to men.
I think that the European-level think tank with representatives of the NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament, which should take part in a round table every year, is essential.
The documents that came to light are nothing less than irrefutable proof .
They allow us to understand the terrible balance of these two months of intifada: 270 dead, mostly Palestinians, and nearly 10,000 wounded, often left for life.
Commissioner, we have a directive for vehicles at the end of their useful life.
On the contrary, Mr Minister, - unfortunately, I must say - you say we could... and you speak of cheap pavilions, black boxes and other things.
The report cites brands of cigarettes that are sold as soft, low in nicotine or similar terms.
It is a good basis for the Community's policy for next year and it must also be said that the Community idea has been decisive throughout the year, during all the preparations.
Without an international right of participation, the reality is that the European art market will end up in tax havens.
And thirdly, services provided by non-European firms to European firms would also be subject to taxation, which establishes equality, fair play in the international framework.
The investigation concluded that unfair competition and injury are not disputed and that the effect of anti-unfair competition measures on users would be limited.
But that does not necessarily mean, dear colleagues, Commissioner, that the yellow jersey has been won or that the final victory is in sight.
I shall point out, in relation to the famous premium which has raised so many criticisms, that when a 9% annual premium on the salary of each employee of the European Central Bank is justified, 38% of the premiums over a period of 54 months is 8.5% annually.
That is why we must fight what have been called hackers, sanctioning the offer they make to the public of media to neutralize protective measures, thus inciting piracy of protected works.
And also that the cultural archive which, for example, is stored in television archives, can be opened up and that libraries can also fulfill their valuable tasks in the online world.
And finally, the Italians hope that the GMOs will make Florentine steak safe, so that they can safely consume this excellent Italian and European delicacy.
As far as caching is concerned, I would have liked this report to have been closer to the e-commerce directive.
It's almost like doing a nude in the dark - sorry for the expression, Mr President.
It is not in vain that the interlocutor we have here is the fourth group in the world ranking in these areas and also has a very large growth potential.
He's a pugilist who's used to giving low blows in front of the squad's indifferent referee's mirror and while the points referees argue about whether the low blows of the doping king are worth a point or a half.
But I also know we're in a poker game and I'm a terrible poker player.
I do not know whether it would be possible, as the deputy points out, to increase this stake by creating an instant messaging channel.
However, this does not override the demands which Parliament can clearly put forward through the so-called rollback mechanism.
To that end, the Court of Auditors must effectively pass on a consequent name and shame, and therefore publicly condemn Member States who do not take it seriously.
Subject: Tax on financial transactions against Article 56 Article 56 of the EC Treaty provides that:
On the other hand, the use of an electronic microchip is more effective not only in terms of identification but is also a much more humane method because it is not necessary to supply the animal with painkillers or tranquilizers.
European young people continue to come into contact with alcohol at about the same age as they did before, i.e. at the early age of adolescents.
The labelling of cautionary remarks - even when comparisons are made, for example, a glass of brandy equal to three bars of beer, as I understand it in Mrs Stihler's amendment - is in my opinion of little use.
I hope he's not talking to us about creating a convention that's kind of a beer-free bar.
The tires I bought have a considerably lower-than-average rolling resistance, plus a fairly higher-than-average grip and hydroplane levels.
That is why I went to congratulate him on his election, together with driver Ugo Gustinetti, a pensioner, who said to me: As a pensioner, I am very much in favour of this report on the environmental programme, because we must breathe clean air.
incorporation of indicators that the front occupant seat airbag is disabled
However, I have chosen to vote against the following points: the proposal that the worker should be informed at least one day in advance, the proposal that the time spent with the driver should be calculated as working time and the proposal for a maximum of 8 hours of work per day if working at night.
For this reason, as rapporteur, I have endeavoured to clarify the views of the Council and the Commission in advance and informally in the context of the rapid procedure and to work towards a compromise solution between the Council, the Commission and Parliament.
This type of aid, as you know, is conditioned by certain economic policy requirements and is proposed under a one-year pending programme from the International Monetary Fund.
So for me, the most surprising and shocking element of the events in Genoa has been to see how within the law enforcement forces a foolishness, a mere change of government, a smear campaign against the anti-G8 movement, an insufficient organisation and a gang of violent fanatics have made some of them - I stress, some of them - willing to become blind and profoundly stupid instruments of repression.
In fact, I believe that both systems are ineffective in combating so-called junk mail: the real junk mail senders who block email boxes are people who do so fraudulently, with hidden addresses and, consequently, have no interest in respecting either the option to subscribe or to unsubscribe.
We politicians need to accelerate the development and dissemination of technical products that eliminate junk mail and control requirements, as pointed out in Mrs Palacio Vallersundi's amendment.
I should like to point out to the spokeswoman of the Council that in Genoa the attack was not against the Black Bloc, but against those who were peacefully demonstrating.
This is an issue that was discussed at the summit between the Italian Prime Minister and the English Prime Minister: a project aimed at creating an organisation that can discover and contribute to striking the tentacles of the terrorist mafia.
Thirdly, those who will no longer have this coverage should not be shocked because a certain degree of Euroscepticism will be created in these regions.
The responsibility of the Total-Fina-Elf group of companies, already guilty of the Erika shipwreck, is total.
In my opinion, this is going too far.
Now that the United States has shown that it does not pursue any cowboy policy but that it thoroughly reads every step in the fight against terrorism, our gratitude and recognition should at the latest now be carried across the Atlantic.
We've been able to hear from the media that a caravan is crossing the Khyber Pass and moving north.
In addition to the mere export of programming, the major studios are developing the export to Europe of American thematic television channels, sold to both digital package operators and satellite cable networks, and, therefore, in the digital field, Europe is considerably behind the United States.
On the other hand, the new online and timely information and judicial cooperation needs can ensure the safety of European citizens.
The open method of coordination is only successful as long as the convergence stress continues to exist and efforts must continue to be made to achieve this.
I think it is important that we return to what I have defined as the scope of the whole, because I think it is possible to discuss the question of which categories can be excluded, especially in the field of domestic staff and so-called autonomous fishermen.
I believe that the balance of our institutions is at stake and that we cannot deviate from the great American model; it is the balance of our institutions, the checks and balances, the division of powers and not the sharing of the cake between the different institutions that should be at the centre of our discussions, our debates and the Intergovernmental Conference and, before that, the Convention.
I heard this morning that an email came in last night with an attachment.
In addition, all chapters of the agenda relate to specific efforts in favour of developing countries, such as access to markets for their products, the special and differentiated treatment to be given to them, technical assistance or - as is difficult to translate - capacity-building.
This is also in line with your resolution, which calls for the abandonment of distortive measures of competition and is our mandate to negotiate internal support while maintaining the concept of the blue box and the green box.
Mitchell's plan is well-intentioned because it aims first to stop the massacre, but it's a hoax, since every mini-deal concluded on such a restricted basis would be at the expense of the last crazy suicide bomber and would need to start from scratch.
This exhibition aims to appeal to convicted criminals who have committed heinous crimes.
I would like to ask the High Representative, Mr Solana, a question in relation to the famous captured ship, Karim A: I conclude that those who are concerned with establishing that the evidence of Iran's involvement is true are based on something stronger than the appearance of weapons made in Iran, because we all know that the manufacture of weapons in a particular country does not necessarily mean that they are supplied by the government of that country.
This is a serious blow to freedom of expression in Russia, a country that gave birth to perestroika and awakened to its heat.
It is a well-known fact, for example, that the Scotch whisky industry relies heavily on rail transport to bring Malt Scotch whisky and blended Scotch whisky to European markets.
After tomorrow's debate in the Interinstitutional Working Group, a whirlwind debate on the priorities of information and communication policy, I will again be pleased to present our conclusions during the July plenary session.
We have seen in the last ten years a doubling of aircraft movements and perhaps we need another doubling in a short time, because flying is a daily thing.
As regards the question of the Court of Auditors' DAS method, we are of course prepared to follow this concept and the idea of single audits more closely, in order to achieve better coordination between the on-the-spot checks carried out by the Commission through the Internal Audit Service and those carried out by the Court of Auditors.
For example, small producers can also be included, doing everything possible to avoid problems related to policemen, a matter in which I believe Amendment 92 will be a good solution.
And since there were no negotiations in their own right, the conference participants concentrated on round-table discussions, organized alongside the events, as well as bilateral meetings and not just discussions on the tenor of the terms and on drafting sessions on the final document.
It would be very satisfactory to set up a think tank composed of members of NGOs, teachers, administration staff and scientists together with citizens and citizens of the participating countries.
In the context of the Helsinki report on sport and the European Sports Forum held in Lille on 26 and 27 October, in particular at the seminar on the protection of young people, the Commission referred to this issue and also analysed the special situation of young people under the age of 18 as a result of the discussions between the Commission and FIFA on rules for international transfer of footballers, which concluded in March 2001.
This is a key point in achieving the two objectives that we aim to achieve through the coordination of economic policy: that fiscal policy does not obstruct monetary policy and that there are no externalities or spin-over effects on other countries that have negative effects.
Something that has been developed for an organization based on sophisticated technology is not necessarily appropriate for Joe's coffee shop on Lewisham High Street or for Jean Dupont's tavern on Revolution Street in Marseilles.
Finally, I do not think I will scandalize anyone by saying that I agree with the rapporteur when he says in Amendment No 4 that, in essence, digital cookies are tolerable, almost legitimate tools, because they help to better understand the navigation method, provide clear and comprehensive information, in short, somehow awaken the browser; in short, I do not believe in the cookie victim browser.
From where I'm standing, it looks like the radar screen is turning on all over the Assembly.
I must also point out that there are some other discrepancies: for example, the new tax applies to gin, vodka and spirits but not to whisky or other alcoholic beverages.
This website will be launched in Dutch, although they do not exclude that an English version will soon be available, so that speakers of other languages can also consult their websites.
There has been talk of a conspiracy to overthrow the regime and even to assassinate the Head of State without providing the least evidence, with witnesses and accused brutally tortured, with a prosecutor's office raising its initial petition from eight death sentences to eighteen and with a final verdict that, without being so extreme, punishes the main accused with many years in prison, marginalizing them as well as potential adversaries for any electoral contest.
In fact, the world of finance is currently experiencing a kind of rampant crisis reminiscent of the crisis of 1929 and its aftermath.
In this way, we will create university families across borders that will offer graduate degrees to Europeans and be open to students and university professors from other continents.
Cooperation is a magic word, a recurring theme that I wish was more real than it is right now.
From that point on, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, let me remind you that at the meeting to which you kindly invited us in Copenhagen, you spoke of three phases in the Danish Presidency: the first was not up to you, it was the Irish referendum, the end of the election rally this year.
In this context, Mr President, let me refer to a phrase in the programme - and I think it is an error of the plumber who wrote it - which says that it provides the input, the Commission's input data, into the Council's annual operational programme.
Madam President, as North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Il squeezes his specially imported French cognac and tastes his freshly baked pizzas by two Italian chefs, as he meditates on what he is going to tell the UN envoy, many thousands of his oppressed subjects, including children, are literally starving to death because of his disastrous Stalinist economic policy that has brought the country to its knees.
Rape and violence affect not only their bodies, thanks to hunger and concentration camps, but also their minds, as they have been brainwashed and rendered incapable of thinking, as in the Soviet gulag; the population of North Korea has been reduced to a flock that blindly follows its leader.
The places where they were held are also symbolic: the Economic Forum met at the Davos ski resort and the World Social Forum in Porto Alegre, amid a continent in full economic crisis.
I had the impression that I was checking the contents list of a first aid kit when an accident occurred and, of course, we think it's inevitable.
The EU's weakness contrasts with the courageous stance taken by Zimbabwean cricketers Henri Olonga and Andy Flower.
We can maintain our alliances, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, even with the United States, but - to cite a historic precedent - it was not the friends of North America who asked them to drop napalm on Vietnam, but who asked them to stop the war.
Mr President, the European Parliament has published a paper entitled Troubled Waters to inform young people about the work of the European Parliament.
On Monday 3 March 2003 France and Germany collectively expelled 54 nationals of Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire for which they used a charter flight from Euralair Horizons.
Decades later, when the Warsaw Pact was still in place, East German citizens took part in a pan-European picnic on the shores of Lake Fertö Tó, or Neusiedler See, an event organized by European deputies Otto von Habsburg and Bernd Posselt, before embarking again on the road to freedom, and it was the Hungarian border guards who pulled aside and let them through.
Maybe the price of a pizza a year for an average household.
It seems that two years ago the works were started there without the proper licences - as claimed by the plaintiffs - endangering the lives of the field hamsters.
The objective of equal opportunities in school, amateur and professional sport is primarily aimed at a more adequate integration of women in all these fields.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, when the Swedish golf star, Annika Sörenstam, wanted to compete with men in the North American professional tournament, the men's golf world got very nervous.
Europe has assigned itself the role of United States sheriff, especially after the signing of the agreement on cooperation in criminal matters and extraditions to the United States, where there is the death penalty and Guantanamo.
The second example came in December 2001, when I showed a mural-sized photograph of a tortured woman and the president reacted the same way.
The French police will keep an eye on a mailman, the German police will keep an eye on a drug dealer and the Greek police will just keep an eye on them.
These denominations include tawny, ruby, vintage and late bottled, exclusive to Port wine, as well as others that are typically attributed to Madeira wine and to different regional varieties produced in Portugal.
Let me take some examples in the form of people in the health sector, large-scale food service and metal.
From this platform we condemn the pogrom that continues even today against the fighters of the rural movement and demand an immediate end to it.
In 1973, when Winston Churchill's grandson asked him what was going to happen to the Palestinians, Sharon replied that there was no reason to worry, that they would end up making a mortadella sandwich out of them.
You have said that you will work to protect and preserve them, but the journey from Justus Lipsius to Berlaymont is more than just crossing an avenue in Brussels.
I mean, for example, the biennial art fair, the book fair, the dance festival or the exhibition fair in Havana.
The reason was a tape recorded by a Swedish television journalist, which was confiscated from him at the border.
In accordance with the agenda, the Declarations of the Council and the Commission on the consequences of the tidal wave of 26 December 2004 are hereby adopted.
Omar Deghayes claims to have lost sight in one eye due to a pepper spray.
The Belarusian Ministry of Communications requires all Internet users to obtain authorization for their modem at the price of 20 dollars, even though the average monthly per capita income is 60 dollars.
It's like patenting the pentatonic musical scale, so suddenly a lot of blues music would infringe that patent and all the authors would have to pay a canon to whoever recorded it.
What has happened since then, and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner and I have met with representatives of the Sunni community and discussed the issue with members of the Shiite and Kurdish communities, is an effort by the Iraqi government to attract the Sunnis.
After half a century of development aid, planetary rock concerts, debt forgiveness, fair trade and the white man's somewhat Pharisaic crocodile tears, Africa is still trapped in its poverty.
For example, a synthetic fabric that could be subject to that right gains added value by turning it into a rolling shutter, and thus escaping the anti-competition law floods the European Union at ridiculous prices.
In the Forest of Dean, the area I represent, 40 years ago the local population fished abundant angles, which were sold on the street for consumption at the traditional breakfast, accompanied by beacons and eggs.
They appear to be spread out as confessions by the Member States, more so as to ensure that each of them has an agency in its territory than to respond to the need and take advantage of having a separate Community agency to deal with the matter at hand.
If Robert Mugabe undergoes a metamorphosis and becomes coach of Zimbabwe's bobsled team, he shouldn't be allowed to travel to Turin.
If Khin Nyunt becomes the executive manager of Myanmar's windsurfing team to visit my constituency of Weymouth in 2012, he wouldn't have to be granted a visa.
A single set of guidelines for the diagnosis of avian influenza and for laboratory diagnostic testing should be published and a scientific assessment of the epidemiological risk posed to humans by avian influenza should be commissioned.
Within a few days a meeting will be held in Barcelona against racism in sport, and in football stadiums in particular, which is gaining alarming proportions.
Unfortunately, too often we are witnessing counterfeiting: the main market in southern Italy, Vittoria in Sicily, is being invaded every day by counterfeit products, which are placed on the market as IGP products, for example Pachino cherry tomatoes.
The EU and the Member States should jointly ensure that it is possible to improve information, for example via the Internet and fast caches.
It's impossible to negotiate if you want to negotiate and at the same time want to have a gun in your pocket.
Mr President, I think Commissioner Wallström prefers hockey to cricket, and I agree with her on that.
Its main content should be written in a simple style, avoiding legal terms, avoiding professional jargon, avoiding references to other laws, and should not occupy more than one page.
I would ask you to understand that for many Europeans, the elite gathered in Brussels and Strasbourg has the same acceptance as a gum in a cashmere jersey.
It is here, on the podium, from Italy, specifically from the city of Salsomaggiore (the city where Miss Italy is elected), that he has an admirer, Moggi Silvana, because he wanted to be present when his great idol, Mr Bowis, presented the debate on his very important proposal, so that all of us in Europe can be treated in the best possible way, even when we have the misfortune of suffering from mental illnesses and not just physical illnesses.
These are not the words of a political leader, but those of a terrorist and a political mobster.
It could also mention ICTs exploiting the optical and spin state that facilitate greater compression of information to be read with blue lasers and biotechnology, including DNA research and bioinformatics systems.
The honourable Members have often stressed in the past the malfunctioning or inadequate guarantees of the so-called traction system: a system that allows the user to extract data directly from databases.
Consequently, we have requested that the system be replaced by a push-type system, as has been requested on numerous occasions by the parliamentary authorities; that has been agreed.
Personally, Mr Trichet, I understand very well that you have your hands tied by monetary aggregates one, two and three and by the need for adjustment operations and interest rate control.
It says an internet blog created by Woeser, a prominent Tibetan intellectual, has been shut down.
The Conservative Party website says they're going to do it.
This is evidenced by the series of zinc risk assessments that have been going on for 15 years now and have not yet been completed.
Captain of the ship Frank Bainamarama, commander of the Fijian army, deposed the elected prime minister and seized power in a clearly illegitimate manner.
The melting of Greenland's ice sheet, Arctic ice and Siberian permafrost has greatly reduced the amount of ice on Earth, causing a dangerous rise in sea levels worldwide.
In the United Kingdom, a law firm said last year that it had opened some 6,000 personal injury cases in cross-border accidents in Europe.
These improvements have become necessary as a result of the emergence of new services, such as online radio, internet broadcasting and download services, for which a fee has to be paid.
That is why we cannot allow the Constitutional Treaty to become a political and legal dead end.
As those who attended the conference organised last week by Mr Van Orden in the European Parliament said, the system reinforces negative and antagonistic stereotypes regarding the Holy War of jihad and structural opposition to Israel and a real hatred of that country.
I'd like to remind you that rap music and the Greek indesyllabic verse have the same rhythm.
A neighbor told me that taking the mercury from Almadén to any other point would be like bringing the piano closer to the banquet instead of bringing the banquet closer to the piano to start playing at a concert.
Its appeal is based on a sensationalist press story, a sensationalist press policy that denies the nuances and contradictions that are integral to all of our political and religious traditions.
An alleged gangster and mobster, a man who was sentenced to six years in prison in the Soviet Union in the 1980s and who was pardoned at the behest of the Uzbek mafia chief and all-powerful heroin trafficking lord Gafur Rajimov, who is said to be Usmanov's mentor.
We debated the issue of publishing on the Internet premiums for cows, lambs or hectares, and when the world gets hungry, we played as teenagers organizing agricultural and financial emails on the Internet.
It is therefore necessary to also envisage the management of future conflicts with neighbours in terms of noise, pollution, even space occupation, and I think it would be very interesting to assess the new demands: the type of taxis, the private planes, the aspects of leisure in the air, etc.
His projects include a tribute to Mr Pöttering, a museum dedicated to the short history of the EU, or the conversion of the European Parliament's parking space into a whaling station and swimming pool.
Mr President, civil aviation was a luxury in the past, when it was the rich and the so-called elite who made the most of the advantages of high-speed flights.
We are contributing to better financing of our films and to Europeans' access to formulas for free paid television content, so this afternoon, with you and thanks to you, I feel I have fulfilled my duty.
There are three major issues on which the Commission, the Presidency and the majority of the Member States still have to reach consensus in the final push for the reform to be completed this month.
I have voted in favour of the removal of the paragraph which strongly recommends that the States prohibit the wearing of the Islamic veil on young women.
The Mediterranean is the hope of the three monotheistic religions and the wheat and wine civilization, not the sugar and beer, or the mosquitoes in Chez Léon.
These scandalous images reveal that Dogan resides in a large harem cataloged as a four-star hotel, delivered to a luxurious life.
Another valid method for improving pedestrian safety is an active hood, which has been installed on the C6.
I would also like to congratulate our new Commissioner on his debut tonight.
In 2008, a year in which the global food crisis is out of control, in which, Mr President, Italy is selling us dioxin-contaminated mozzarella - a €10 million business - it is hard for me to believe that the 15 million unemployed in Europe are particularly concerned about enzymes and flavors, although it is typical of the European Union to deal with the infinitely small in an infinitely large world.
Mr. Rack offers us a selection of sushi restaurant menus to solve transportation problems.
On behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, I am in favour of uniform conditions for issuing visas in order to prevent what is known as a shopping visa.
Now we all regret, I think, a baroque apoteosis of neoconservative policies in the Caucasus crisis.
Computer viruses, junk mail, cyber scams and Trojans are real threats in a world of virtual data.
In order to attract consumers' attention, baners and fictitious advertisements will be distributed through several key consumer websites.
And what's clear is that if we don't stop this phenomenon, it will continue to rise as it has so far and, of course, it won't stop or slow down.
Returning to roaming data services, we have included measures to address the famous exorbitant bills in which the consumer had to pay several thousand euros when he returned after a week or two abroad, for having used his mobile phone to download data as if he were in his own country, where the cost per megabyte is between 5 and 15 cents.
When consumers buy ketchup or yogurt, they don't realize it contains a lot of sugar.
There's a Dutch cabaret actor, Wim Sonneveld, who in fact wouldn't be out of place in this Parliament, who would say something like, well, this is the latest.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I want to tell Mr Pafilis that the war in Vietnam at this moment is what the Vietnamese regime is holding against its own people, the Vietnamese, and the Khmer Krom and Dagor communities.
The coordination which has always been behind the economic branch of Economic and Monetary Union is coordination in the service of the objectives of Economic and Monetary Union, both in macroeconomic policies and in relation to the link between macroeconomic policy and structural policies.
We also congratulate him on the serious and responsible way in which he has presented his recommendations, which are based on the central problem, as opposed to some of the amendments tabled by the Socialists which do not contribute to solving this problem, since they consist of details of the political tradition or recommendations which are unrealizable because they fall outside the competence of the Member States.
We in the United Kingdom can thank the heavens for keeping our own currency and not being part of the train in the crippled eurozone.
The European Union has limited itself to statements, conferences and, above all, to flirting with Russia, which has encouraged this country to use energy resources as an instrument of political pressure.
However, mental illness can involve the same day-to-day disability as those who suffer from it, and it has numerous adverse social effects.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, there is a fragment in the famous Smetana melody Má Vlast, in which the cello and the fagot rise back in a crescendo from grim depths to a very sharp note.
In fact, regions stimulate the development of culture, and culture - attractive and important events and projects - becomes a magnet for economic investment.
If we had that person in his place now, we wouldn't be walking around with that zigzag of semi-presidents.
Suppliers can increase the number of points of sale where electronic payments can be made, for example, the traveller who buys his subway ticket with electronic money could also buy a coffee, a newspaper or a bouquet of flowers at the station kiosk, as is already happening - and with great success - in Hong Kong, for example.
It was a long way off: years earlier the Commission and Parliament had taken the decision not to hire older self-employed interpreters from their own staff.
The Irish parliament is not a karaoke parliament and I object to that man describing it that way.
In Germany we are working on creating bad banks, in the Benelux countries we are doing a little bit of everything at once.
It cannot happen that Turkey receives an entry voucher into the Union in exchange for its cooperation.
The Czech Red Cross, the Czech Tourist Club, the Sokol Gymnastics Association, the Junák Scout Organization and the Volunteer Life Saving Service in mountain areas are among the oldest and most widespread organizations involved in volunteer work.
One more thing: I came here today not only as a politician, but also as a blogger, and a quite well-known blogger, in fact, in Poland.
What I am asking is that common support measures be articulated and that solutions not be made to fluctuate in the responsiveness of each Member State.
European microfinance will be available for cases where access to credit is denied to banking institutions or where it is difficult, by providing support for the growth of micro-enterprises, together with support from the European Social Fund for guidance, advice and interest rates.
Of course, I have suffered, like so many others, the consequences of volcanic ash, the first time I came home: it took me two days and I had to make a finger part of the way.
The so-called spy program allows a third party to access the same information as the user.
The same organization accounted for more than 30 revenge murders last year.
In the course of a process that could be described as foxtrot with our beloved European External Action Service, it has taken too long.
Mr Chastel, High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the Commission, Mrs Ashton, Distinguished Guests,
My kart crashed, so please put me behind the wheel of an articulated truck.
Mr. Lukashenko is a big fan of hockey as well as the citizens of Belarus.
Apparently, an English lord has more social sensitivity than a socialist like Mr. Kalfin.
In the process of moving from the idea of European citizenship to a European political identity, we must strive to simplify direct contact between European citizens and political parties.
Banks will also undergo a test based on the upper core tier one capital threshold.
I think the Netherlands is a bad example, because it is a small country with a relatively balanced population distribution and few remote islands, etc. But there is also the example of Sweden.
It is a step-by-step approach to lift the embargo definitively.
We cannot fill Banja Luka and its surroundings or Sarajevo and its surroundings with London police.
If we wait for Mr Holbrooke or Christopher or any other peace officer to fly, we can wait a long time, specifically, at least until after the US presidential election.
Madam President, we have witnessed the annual censorship of human rights, because the most fundamental of these rights is freedom of expression, freedom of opinion, freedom of thought.
Safety and health protection in campsites is similar to safety and health protection in holiday centres, hotels, nightclubs, amusement parks, etc., a general complex of issues relating to the safety of the provision of services.
We call for preventive measures to be taken in all the countries of the European Union to prevent campsites from being set up in hazardous areas and for the conditions of those already set up to be reviewed so that such a catastrophe cannot happen again.
The cheese is cheese, whether it's cheddar or one of those little spicy Belgian cheeses that gets up from the restaurant table and practically bites your ankle.
A large car company no longer wants to manufacture headlights or any other parts itself in accordance with outsourcing .
It 's the ancient dichotomy between the well-being of places and the well-being of people .
All those present at this Assembly have passed through the Brussels airport, where prices are displayed in a very visible and informative way on a screen.
The situation is instead experienced by the ordinary citizen as the economic horror that gives title to a well-known recent French surplus.
There have been examples of how the city of Buta has been conquered with an outsider and three people.
Finally, I would like to ask that in the debate on illegal and harmful content we do not forget the useful effects of the Internet on children and young people, which one can make a good idea of in the exhibition that takes place in the lobby of this plenary.
Second case: One of the people in my constituency - Mr. Hawthorne - owned a cottage in Malaga, Spain.
And we have enough experience to say that the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, has once again decided to agree on emergency financial aid to try to save the political momentum and once again we will save the political momentum so that the Palestinian Presidency can pay the administration, the police, the hospitals, the municipalities.
Mr President, I should like to ask the Commission a few questions on the difficulties President Clinton has encountered in obtaining the famous highway from the United States Congress.
You know that at present, for example in Puglia, other arrivals are expected in the coming months, but no longer in the large ships immortalized in Amelio's film; very fast boats are expected to leave some people on the beach at night on each trip.
The Commission is talking here of revolutionary successes or of significant results: from satellite control of forest fires, to the knowledge gained on the consequences of the volcanic eruption in Iceland, to the development of a robot for depths of up to 6,000 meters in the sea.
In this context, I also consider it necessary to find a regulation on how vitamins are added to foodstuffs and how they are to be labelled and, as proposed by the Commission and which can be adopted later in Parliament, how so-called health claims, that is, claims about the health effects of foodstuffs, can be dealt with.
It is envisaged that a so-called independent agreement will be established, which will also be open to non-OECD States, which cannot, however, influence the text of the agreement.
In our view, however, regardless of the actual or alleged increase in prices, the multiplication, sometimes even by fifteen, of the prices charged by the travel agencies, the only ones authorized to sell the World Bank bond, is the direct consequence of the Commission's obstinacy in opposing the creation of a single resale service in each Member State.
There was a comedy number that Eric Morecambe was playing and what he was doing was a horrible noise.
Another peculiarity of synthetic drugs is that they are almost exclusively consumed in the techno and rave environment, which for many young people from all walks of life is part of their culture.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we are discussing three interesting reports which give us a very vivid picture of the islands and the situation of the Structural Funds.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on 30 April the Commission received information from the French authorities indicating a significant number of cases in which fuel transport depots heading to the Hague reprocessing plant exceeded the limit of 4 bequerels per square centimetre for unfixed beta and gamma pollution.
In this connection, there is a working document No 4 of the Technical Committee 996 6 96, in which detailed proposals on this subject have already been made, and which have now been included in the safety standards of the ILO, which also works closely with that committee.
The Council has followed with great concern the trial of some members belonging to the ethnic group of the Bubi from Bioko Island, who are accused of belonging to or supporting the Bioko Island Self-determination Movement (MAIB).
So I have absolutely no resentment about it .
Finally, I agree with the spirit of the Commission directive on the fixing of an appropriate deadline for payment of sales invoices, since irregularities in cash flows and liquidity difficulties are in fact one of the most common causes of the bankruptcy of small and mediumsized enterprises.
I'm thinking of the Transnuclear case, with the biggest smuggling of nuclear waste.
It is still time to reflect and seriously question what the technocrats who surf the fashion wave of the times are preparing for us.
But I want to illustrate my comments on Mr. Paasilinna's work and the Commission's proposals by looking back on the past, to a book written by Mark Twain called A Yankee in King Arthur's Court.
The Geneva Convention, interpreted in a broad and humanitarian manner, is not outdated, as the Austrian Presidency stated in a slip in its first document, but rather comprises most of the situations of displaced persons, of interethnic conflicts, of civil wars.
With this conditioning, the Presidency of the Council - not only of Vienna but of the whole Presidency, although the President-in-Office of the Council would have liked to have had some success - has achieved a change in a decisive point that has been praised on several occasions, namely that the Union is not only talking about money and the euro but about people and employment policy.
Each year it causes the death of numerous albatrosses as they dive in front of the ship to eat the dropped remains.
In that case, the budget is a free buffet.
Compare that little minué with rock and roll in the United States, where since 1992 there have been a large number of mergers, resulting in three and a half major companies.
These data are not linked to specific time intervals and therefore the 2000 effect cannot have any effect.
Mrs President, Mr Commissioner, it seems that we are at a stage: when tobacco is discussed, it is the usual confrontation between Latinos or Mediterranean people and Anglo-Saxons, as if they did not smoke.
I think you, along with Mr. Martin, are in first place, but the contest is not over.
And all of this is, without a doubt, due to the talent, efficiency and intelligence of Foreign Minister Mr Fischer, who has impressed me greatly, and I promise you that in my new life, when I go to Spain, I will do aerobics and eat bananas.
In particular, through these, the consumer can remain anonymous on the network to the same extent as in the everyday business of the analogue world and the creation of an accurate consumer profile can be avoided.
He has made a beautiful study of us with a kind of whisper of everything he has written since March and with a behaviour of an adviser to the French Court of Auditors.
This annual report is being re-published, and it would be a mistake for Parliament not to organise a plenary debate on this issue, as the press already knows.
Mr President, when I was asked to take part in this debate, my first reaction was negative, as I considered that the alarm raised came from an exaggerated millenarian phantasmagoria amplified by pressure groups who have benefited greatly from it, sometimes even exploiting financially the credulity of their clients.
Our problem today is the existence of young people whose family life is good but who at the same time feel that their existence is so empty that they need a pill or a tripi every Saturday at the nightclub and thus manage to get into tune with the help of a drug that they have been led to think is harmless.