A major part of Wales, as you know, has been granted Objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme.
Let me also remind him that when his party leader, Mr Hague, was Secretary of State for Wales, he broke every rule in the book on additionality which led to a stern letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies regarding regulatory requirements.
In this connection, French speakers would speak of a  coup de chapeau  : in other words, I take my hat off to the EU.
Most of them are an expression of the political differences among ourselves regarding the appropriateness and effectiveness of state aid, in view of the inadequacies, acknowledged or not, of private investment alone, the market failures or inadequacies of the market.
I, personally, would sincerely like to thank Mr von Wogau for his commitment in examining the dossier on the White Paper and for the quality of his report.
In this respect, I would like to say something about the excellent idea put forward by Mrs Riis-Jørgensen and Mr Huhne of monitoring implementation.
The existing monitoring committee can only monitor the independence of the Director of the agency.
In my mind, illegal state aid amounts to little more than state-sponsored social dumping.
Neither can we tolerate a situation in which a public body holds the copyright to public documents.
A lack of responsibility, too much ex ante, not enough ex post and, as a result, far too little in the way of a culture of real effective spending.
I do not know if it breaks the record for all the resolutions presented here, but, for this type of resolution it certainly does.
I can also specifically assure the House that we are not going for what is sometimes called  a big bang approach .
Subject: Proposal for a regulation laying down the total admissible catches for specific fish populations for the year 2000, and the case of anchovies in particular The latest reports from the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea indicate that the current level of anchovy stocks in ICES zone VIII is critical.
If this 'feedback' mechanism, which gives users the opportunity to make choices, were hampered by measures such as the Tobin tax, mistaken decisions might be made that turned out to be so costly in terms of the economic consequences that the tax would never be able to make up for it.
If we look at the private sector, however, we will find not only that this fabled 'financial stability' has been unsuccessful but that we are most probably sitting on a volcano ready to erupt at any moment.
It makes no sense for any worker within the Schengen area, since he or she will already have undergone a screening process in order to enter the first Member State, and the second Member State would be justified in rejecting ex ante the entry of that worker into its territory.
In order to ensure that at least 50% of the energy mix comes from renewable energy sources, it is not enough to deal with a few hot spots that will be more profitable in the short term.
I would therefore recommend to Members of Parliament that we cut across party lines and vote against all the amendments to the common position which would weaken environmental standards and reduce manufacturers' liability.
Allow me also - listen carefully to what I am saying now, because I have heard this reiterated in the debate - allow me to comment on the issue of vintage and  cherished  cars as mentioned in Amendments Nos 3, 7, and 9, section 2, and 35.
This PPE/DE-PSE resolution commends the initiative taken by fourteen Member States to apply pressure to Austria by organising a sort of diplomatic boycott.
Particular attention is also paid to the dissemination of results and learning from each other by identifying best practice, with special emphasis on mainstreaming.
Because LEADER is a kind of workshop with a bottom-up approach, a huge number of ideas have come to fruition in recent years through LEADER I and II which of course at some point will no longer be brand new or as successful as they once were.
But I have come to the conclusion that it was in fact quite clever timing.
This question is very important and I would like to know - since this is a kind of 'baby fraud' - whether the Commissioner will see to it that these funds are not taken away from the Andalusians, so that the funds which the European Union are going to pay to Andalusia, based on the census, will take into account these 400 000 children which Aznar does not count when it comes to providing them with schools and services.
The Commission proposals being debated here will give it the face-lift it needs.
To conclude, Mr President, allow me to remind the House that the directive needs a makeover which will make UCITS even more attractive, but it does not need to be strapped into a European corset which will squeeze the life out of it.
All these factors have unfortunately been accumulating over time and are now allowing those who are cruel, intolerant, racist and destructive, of which all our countries have some examples, but thankfully a minority, to light the fuse of xenophobia.
Mr President, Commissioner, since the issue of employment has been raised, I want to recall another issue which is also very serious, namely the bankruptcies among Tour Operators and their consequences mainly for hotels, which are small or medium enterprises lacking the necessary organisation and access to information that would indicate to them whether or not their contractual partners are trustworthy.
That would be more productive and I do not like seeing the various committee agendas that are already overloaded being cut again and again because of this kind of show-piece.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the planned liberalisation of the traditional national postal services raises the inevitable question as to what the postal services will consider their core business to be in the future. In other words, what will the postal services be prepared to do themselves, what will they want to do together in international cooperation and what will they no longer provide?
This question should be answered in light of the fact that the age-old monopoly has de facto been undermined by all kinds of courier companies and by technological developments, such as fax and e-mail.
In this context, activity-based management is the key to ensuring coherence between objectives, actions and resources.
This is therefore a test of credibility for the Union' s common foreign and security policy.
I also believe that we should not underestimate, and this is a question that I put to you, the stranglehold and the force of the lobbies of the foreign ministries.
We must define a macro-economic policy which aids growth.
I do not believe that the state of stocks and the current scandalous system of discards are a good example of the policy' s effectiveness which must therefore, in my opinion, be significantly improved.
Mr President, Commissioner, in the capacity of rapporteur for the directive on port reception facilities, one of whose objectives is the prevention of marine pollution, I would like to make a few observations which occurred to me on matters which, to my mind, were not sufficiently dealt with at the Green Shipping Conference in Hamburg which everyone attended.
We know that UNICE has, on behalf of the employers, publicly shown its colours in the preparatory documents for the European business summit to be held in Brussels in June: the public authorities are requested to remove all social, regulatory and fiscal barriers to the development of business and to invest massively in shoring up demand.
The growth in media, mobile radio communication and software was not able to compensate for the job losses in the telecommunications sector and in the electronics industry, and for the rationalisation resulting from the introduction of information technology in other sectors of the economy.
In this light, I would like to reopen the debate on corporate governance to discuss the wider concept of the company as stakeholders society, including the role of both sides of industry and all parties involved.
In this connection, we have proposed, in the course of the examination of this proposal, a so-called split comitology procedure, which could be used to excellent effect.
I do not have time to dwell on the other elusive, moderate - too moderate - features of your programme: the environment, health, justice, transport, security, the reckless enlargement of the Union which provoked criticism from your predecessor, Jacques Delors, the development of the on-line economy, which is one of the many universal remedies for unemployment, and the protection of citizen consumers rather than consumer citizens.
It is therefore necessary to look at what is termed 'capacity building' , i.e. technical assistance measures to be implemented in order to ensure that this access is tangible and not just theoretical.
They are: the need to act when independent journalists are attacked, the need to protect conscientious objectors and deserters, and the need to develop smart sanctions, which do not make conditions wretched for vast sections of the population, but which are targeted at the political tyrants that have amassed riches.
This is the combination of Mrs Bonino and Mr Le Pen, in itself a sensational combination, but this club never takes part in debates on technical work.
This is the essence of the new directive before us today, if applied to the letter, which could end up replacing the definition of chocolate as we know it. Clearly, the alternative products are a speciality of the industrial lobby which seems to have inspired this amazing directive.
The IT boom is confronted by mergers and redundancies.
Citizens must be familiar with new forms of work and working relations in the information and communications industry, be they in the hardware sector, the software sector, services or consultancy.
A 10% depreciation of the US dollar and the yen against the euro, accompanied by a 10% fall in the price of gold, would wipe out all the ECB' s existing capital.
Right then, a fellow MEP has just given me the session news about the debate we had yesterday on the Ludford report, and I am disappointed to note that it makes no mention of the statement I made on behalf of our Group.
Firstly, we are going to seek higher international standards within the framework of the ICAO, we are going to cooperate within the ICAO and we are going to seek a common objective, which will be to reduce noise at airports even further and thereby achieve lower noise levels, by applying more modern technologies, with a phasing out period for the most noisy aircraft with the establishment of a chapter 4.
The hushkits issue is also widely seen as a first case of how aviation issues will be dealt with in the future by the new Parliament and the new Commission.
This has pleased the powerful American firms, as aircraft manufacturers, but at the same time harms them because they are also owner-investors in thousands of leased aircraft in all the countries of the world. Since these aircraft are antiquated, it would be difficult for them to operate in Europe.
We have proposed to the Americans that, if they consider the definition of 'bypass ratio' to be a form of discrimination - and we think it is not - that we try to find a different definition.
In conclusion, a new phase is necessary, with the Portuguese and French presidencies, a brand new start for Euro-Mediterranean policy, which could promote a 'virtuous' circle encompassing the objectives which were correctly drawn up at the Euro-Mediterranean Conference in Barcelona in November 1995.
On the other hand, there are the trading systems which have just been created in the Netherlands and Denmark, where there are still many administrative and technical problems to resolve.
But every Member must, in the end, understand that, as Members of the European Parliament, we have to carry out our control duties as accurately as possible, but that we are neither detectives nor public prosecutors, let alone black angels of vengeance.
In all new legislation we must establish a better balance between 'self regulation' and 'public regulation' , in accordance with what, in the conclusions of the Lisbon Summit, in some initiatives, has been called coregulation.
Secondly, it is very often the case that what marketing managers would call the deliverables are different.
The underlying principle of  one man - one vote  is unacceptable.
But I find it reassuring that so many Members agreed that the length of the shopping list of proposals contained in the report' s 52 paragraphs and 58 sub-paragraphs is exaggerated and that, as things stand, there is a risk that the Intergovernmental Conference will not take it seriously.
It is true that a country such as the Netherlands has managed to strike a fine balance between the two. Other countries have managed to do this to a lesser extent.
Amendment No 34 calls for fair trade bananas to be supported regardless of their country of origin.
To show that, it would be better for the two partners to use an identical logo and slogan.
If it is a pure natural yoghurt, that is made from milk and nothing else, then it is a milk product and it is not classified as a good not covered by Annex I to the Treaty. So we have not been paying export refunds any more for natural yoghurt for years, but we still have to grant them for flavoured yoghurts.
Medical reports have shown that people living near airports are having to deal with health problems of an unacceptably serious nature, such as insomnia, high blood pressure, stress and depression.
We have a system that is going to be operated by the users and the point I want to make this evening in now thinking ahead, because we are confident we are going to get this directive through, is to say to the Commission that we need to have a very comprehensive and a very fast feedback from the users about the problems and issues that they are encountering in using this directive.
From the point of view of unemployment within Europe, which remains high, we should remember that it is the early bird that catches the worm.
The desire to retain the high per-hectare aid for hemp is, in reality, a result of the very odd collaboration between, on the one hand, those who want to see cannabis legalised and, on the other hand, speculators in EU subsidies, for it is, in actual fact, impossible to see any difference between cannabinol-free hemp and the hemp which is used to produce hashish.
Then, again, to save fuel oil when manufacturing meal, they reduced the cooking temperature, thereby enabling the pathogen to survive. BSE is the tragic product of the race for profits and the British farm model.
Each country has its own set of rules regarding speed, safety and travelling comfort. Only if these requirements are met can access be gained to the railway network.
We need to introduce the reforms which will have to be implemented by the Member States in order to alleviate the burden on firms, reduce labour costs, sustain actions supporting lifelong learning in the context of a knowledge-based economy and support research to close the gap between Europe and the United States and Japan.
High-speed links must, first and foremost, be designed for tourism, leisure and the enjoyment of all European citizens, especially the elderly, who would be avid travellers if conditions were more luxurious and rail travel a more pleasurable experience.
National disparities are a considerable obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe, in spite of the many advantages of this means of transport in terms of sustainable development, pollution and safety.
In future, it is incumbent on the Commission to ensure more vigorously than ever that the 'roaming' fees charged to users by operators are brought down in all EU countries to a sensible level based on actual costs.
I have a word of warning for those people who are using these salami tactics against Strasbourg and Brussels.
The ambiguity with regard to the limits of the Commission' s role is particularly evident in the field of security and should be clarified once and for all, since we must not forget that the harmonious partnership between Parliament and the Commission has given rise to the successes of the European integration project, and we should work and fight for its restoration.
Mr President, the resolution proposed by Mrs Lalumière seeks parliamentary backing in the form of proposals for the necessary means and structures so that the European Union can assume international policing duties alongside ÍÁÔÏ, especially when and where ÍÁÔÏ fails to act immediately, as specified at Helsinki.
I think that, happily enough, we can declare the Beijing platform for action a success.
I think it is particularly important to use the know-how of European organisations and organisations in Member States for reconstruction and to involve non-governmental organisations and local experts.
From the point of view of the institutions, the current impasse is certainly extremely serious.
At the summit, think tanks, contacts with NGOs and new networks were discussed.
Mr Patten has said it is embarrassing for the EU and the Commission and called it the worst way of providing development aid. For Mr Nielson, it was enough to call it a 'a pizza service without delivery' .
The complexity which exists in Europe in relation to the recognition of qualifications gives rise to documents such as this, which, despite the efforts of Parliament and the Commission itself, is a real 'collage' .
Today' s regulations are a direct result of the recommendations of the BSE inquiry at the time, in which integral chain management, i.e. the 'from-stable-to-stable' principle, and with it the ultimate traceability of our primary raw materials, was established.
For example, the road transport monopoly springs to mind, with the impact this has on the levels at which short sea shipping should pitch its prices to tie in with Bilbao' s short sea port.
This is why in its report, Parliament points to the need for a one-stop-shop approach to offering logistical transport services to end users.
We presented the ins and outs of the matter in sufficient detail in our report, so I am now able simply to summarise our conclusions, which are as follows: firstly, there is a need to simplify the regulation in order to enable the process to be speeded up, while ensuring greater transparency by providing the resources necessary for the Commission to plan the programme and for the Council to monitor it.
It must be possible for such training to take place as, for example, in-service or on the job training.
This has culminated in an enriched foreign policy for the EU and has also resulted in the integration of the Commissioner for External Relations, Mr CFSP, Mr Solana, and the Council who all have a particular role to fulfil.
I welcome Commissioner Nielson' s conference on 28 September 2000 and hope that it will lead to something of a crash programme for tackling these problems still more vigorously in the future.
And it is also no coincidence that Mr Blair also proposed free distribution of set top boxes, perceiving that this would benefit both the economy and the information and cultural pluralism of his country.
I cannot support your view because the communication is a reproduction of the old European TV and cinema cliché: direct public intervention through State agencies, welfarism and disregard for the nature of the market, a cliché which is characterising the audiovisual sector more and more.
There has been a lot of misinformation on this, not least stirred up by the Conservatives in the United Kingdom - tabloid headlines about outrageous plots by the EU to force the UK to accept refugees' gay lovers.
I would just like to explain that in the part of Germany I come from, this word implies nothing more than painful and hard work.
There is no doubt that doping is changing sport and that sport will be changed due to doping, which means it will become absolutely ludicrous if we do nothing to prevent it.
Not for nothing did the Dutch chef de mission, Andre Bolhuis, nickname the Olympic Games in Atlanta the Olympic War, probably because these games involved thousands of police and because of the hostile atmosphere which the American public and their media created with regard to overseas sportspeople.
From the earliest days of childhood, from schooldays in fact, the key words have been lifelong learning.
We need lifelong learning and all-round educational knowledge, so that we can counter the attempt by the European Union to create a European totalitarian state and be its politburo.
Mr President, I voted for this important document, and its importance has been stressed by all the speakers, particularly by Mrs Echerer who said: 'You are never too old to learn', by Mr Posselt, who is so eager to support the elderly that I could give him a Pensioners' Party membership card, and by Commissioner Barnier himself, who has assured us of his strong commitment in this area.
Another piece of this jigsaw is the decision that we have adopted today, to propose a directive on minimum standards for a common asylum procedure, and another piece is the preparatory technical work on the Eurodac system, which has not stood still, but is continuing. This work can, of course, only be carried out when there is a clear and unassailable legal basis for developing the Eurodac system.
Two children were slightly injured in an arson attack on a hostel providing temporary accommodation in Wuppertal in which a Molotov cocktail was thrown at the building.
Lastly, I would like to stress that this is an area where women entrepreneurs should benefit from special support, and I wish to emphasise that we, the European Parliament, should be calling on the Commission to monitor progress in this field by means of benchmarking and a scoreboard process.
I would like to take this opportunity to invite Commissioner Verheugen to make representations to the Commission and the Council of Europe so that the European Union can revise its position and invite the Serbian opposition, which has just won the elections, not to stay away from the second ballot, for that would be to hand Milosevic a virtual victory on a plate without a political fight, potentially providing him with dangerous grounds for remaining in power.
Technologically too, there are still discrepancies between East and West: there are four internet connections per one thousand inhabitants over there, as opposed to sixteen over here.
It is important that it should not just become a flag of convenience and that all measures prescribed in the acquis are taken to ensure that safety is writ large.
That is why the Financial Perspective does not appear to us to go far enough, because there is a huge disparity between the diagnosed infrastructure requirements and the financing instruments made available by the Union, together with the candidate countries' own means, and it will only be possible to implement public private partnership financing models to a limited extent.
I am thinking now of Mr Hoppenstedt, who fought for the V chip.
We are responsible for ensuring that our young people can shape a future society in which violence and aggression are not presented as hip or cool or as examples to be copied but as deeply reprehensible.
We therefore believe that, in the first instance, common European indicators, a project which is now nearing completion, and national objectives, i.e. the need for each country to have its own scoreboard and carry out monitoring, are a step along the road to providing us with specific results.
While the Commission appears to be overcome with combined GMO and cloning fever, Mrs Klass goes further and goes into convulsions, compounding the GMO issue with all the genotypes she sees all around her.
I, however, will vote in favour of the so-called performance reserve, for I believe that it is necessary that, at this stage, we obtain some more information, and in my view, that information should detail the conditions of early retirement and the consequences for staffing levels if some time in 2004, or maybe earlier in 2003, we will be recruiting officials from Central and Eastern European countries.
In other words, among those sitting round the table of the common European home, some would eat à la carte while others would get the dish of the day.
To start the system off, the Commission has defined a hard core of premises: the system should be based on a 'learning by doing' approach, it should start in 2005, and during an initial stage it should be restricted to carbon dioxide and major point sources.
Since it is also clear that CO2 bears most responsibility for climate change and traffic is increasing further, what we need above all are concrete proposals for limiting urban traffic, and for appropriate taxation of transit traffic or for suitable road pricing arrangements.
The objective must be to establish one single payment area, where cross-border payments are subject to the same conditions and accompanied by the same costs as domestic transactions.
Taken literally, this article would mean that a socialist party would not be allowed to discriminate against conservatives who wanted to run as its candidates, or that an opera company would have to offer soprano roles to men.
I regard it as essential to set up a reflection group at European level with representatives of the NGOs, the social partners, the Council and the European Parliament taking part in an annual round table.
The documents that have come to light are nothing less than a smoking gun.
It gives some idea of the terrible toll of these two months of intifada: 270 dead, most of them Palestinian, and nearly 10 000 wounded, many of them crippled for life.
Commissioner, we have a directive for end-of-life vehicles.
For your part, Minister, I am sorry to say that you have been telling us  we could...  and have been talking about flags of convenience, black boxes and the like.
The report also mentions special brands of cigarettes that are marketed as 'mild' , 'light' and such like.
It provides a good basis for Community policy next year; to be honest, the Community approach has been most productive throughout the year, throughout all the preliminary discussions and, on behalf of the Commission, I really must thank you and your colleagues, Mrs Parly; you proved to be a very skilled midwife at the birth of this 2001 budget and focused the debates and negotiations on the core issues.
Without an international droit de suite, the fact is that the European art market will go offshore.
And thirdly, services provided by non-European companies to European companies would also be subject to tax, which establishes equality of conditions, in other words, fair play, on an international level.
As a result of the investigations, it was concluded that there is no doubt about the dumping and the damage it causes and that the effect of the anti-dumping measures on the user industries would be limited.
But that does not mean, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, that the yellow jersey is safe or final victory is in sight.
I would also point out, as regards the famous bonus which has caused such a stir, that if there is justification for paying every employee at the European Central Bank an annual bonus of 9% of their salary, then 38% over a period of 54 months comes out at 8.5% per annum.
That is why hackers, as they are called, must be fought by clamping down on the means they offer to the public to overcome protection systems, thereby encouraging the illegal copying of protected works of art.
It also includes developing cultural heritage, such as the cultural heritage stored in television archives, and ensuring that libraries are able to fulfil their valuable role in the online world.
And finally, Italians are waiting for GMOs to make bistecca alla fiorentina completely harmless so they can consume that choice Italian and European delicacy without a care in the world.
In the matter of caching, I would have thought it more desirable for this report to tie in more closely with the e-commerce directive.
It is, in fact, almost like performing a striptease in the dark, if you will pardon the expression.
We should take into account that the other party we are dealing with ranks fourth in the world in these fields. It also has great potential for growth.
This is an opponent who already habitually hits below the belt, while the referee looks on indifferently and the judges argue about what the drug-taker's illegal punches are worth - full or half points!
But I am also aware that this is a poker game and I am a rotten poker player.
I do not know whether it is possible to extend the venture by opening a chat room as well, as suggested by Mr Rübig.
This, however, does not weaken the demand Parliament is making in plain terms in the form of the 'callback' mechanism.
For that to happen, the Court of Auditors would need to embark on a consistent naming and shaming, in other words the public pillorying of those Member States who fail to get their act together.
Subject: Tax on financial transactions versus Article 56 Article 56 of the EC Treaty reads:
In contrast, the use of electronic chips are more effective both in terms of identification, but they are also a much more humane method because the animal does not need a pain reliever or a tranquilliser.
Young people continue to have their first contact with alcohol in their early teens, as in the past.
Warnings printed on labels, extending to comparisons such as 'one glass of brandy equals three glasses of beer' , if I understood Mrs Stihler' s amendment correctly, would serve little purpose, in my opinion.
I hope I am not listening to the creation of a convention, which will be a sort of pub with no beer.
The tyre I bought has a rolling resistance far below the average and it also has grip values and aquaplaning values that are much better than the average.
I therefore went round to see him to congratulate him on his election, accompanied by the driver, Ugo Gustinetti, a pensioner, who said to me, 'As a pensioner, I am very much in favour of this report on the environmental programme because we must have clean air to breathe.
detection systems to be introduced to indicate whether the front passenger airbag has been deactivated,
However, I have decided to vote against the report on the following points: the proposal that the employee be informed at least 24 hours in advance, the proposal that time spent next to the driver is to be counted as working hours and the proposal concerning a maximum working time of eight hours when driving at night.
For that reason I have endeavoured as rapporteur to give a high profile to informal explanations of the views of the Council and of the Commission under the fast-track procedure, and to work towards a compromise between the Council, the Commission and Parliament.
This type of aid, as you know, is conditional upon certain economic policy demands and is proposed within a stand-by programme of the International Monetary Fund for one year.
The most surprising and shocking thing for me in the Genoa events was therefore to actually see how, within the forces of law and order, something tiny, a mere change of government, a defamatory campaign by the anti-G8 movement, inadequate organisation and a bunch of violent hooligans, was enough to bring out in some of them - I stress some of them - a desire to become the instruments of blind and profoundly stupid intimidation.
I believe, in fact, that both systems are ineffective at stopping so-called spamming: true spammers who block up electronic mail boxes are people who do so fraudulently, hiding their addresses, and so have no interest in respecting either opting-in or opting-out.
Our job is to speed up the development and distribution of the technical products which will make spamming a thing of the past and to press for supervision, something which Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi' s amendment in fact does.
I should like to point out to the President-in-Office that it was not the  bloc noir  that was attacked in Genoa, it was the peaceful demonstrators.
This was discussed at the Summit between the Italian and British prime ministers, a project seeking to create an organisation which can expose and help combat terrorism in all its tentacular ramifications.
Thirdly, we must not create shock waves in regions which stop being covered, because that will give rise to euro-scepticism in these regions.
The TotalFinaElf Corporation, which already bears guilt for the Erika shipwreck, is fully responsible.
In my opinion, this is a bridge too far.
Now that the USA has demonstrated that it is not engaging in cowboy politics, but is giving very serious consideration to every step in the fight against the terrorists, we must not leave it to later to convey our thanks and appreciation across the Atlantic.
We hear in the media now about a convoy getting through the Khyber Pass and going north.
These are sold both to digital grouping operators and cable satellite channels. In addition, Europe lags considerably behind the United States in the development of the digital sector.
Furthermore, the new requirements for online and in tempo judicial information and cooperation should be able to guarantee the security of Europe' s citizens.
The open coordination method is only successful insofar as convergence stress continues to exist, and efforts will need to be made in order to sustain its existence.
In my view, it is important to revisit what I describe as the scope as a whole, for the question as to which categories could still be exempt is still subject to possible debate, especially in the field of domestic staff and the so-called share fishermen.
I believe that the balance of our institutions depends on this and that we cannot run our economy along the same lines as the great American model. It is the balance of our institutions, the check and balance, the division of powers, and not how to share the cake between the various institutions that our discussions, our debates and the Intergovernmental Conference, as well as the imminent Convention, should focus on.
I heard this morning that an e-mail with an attachment arrived last night.
In addition to this, all chapters in the agenda are focused on specific measures to assist developing countries, with regard, for example, to the access of their products to markets, to their special or differential treatment, technical assistance or capacity building.
This is also in line with your own resolution, which called for the rejection of competition-distorting measures, and it corresponds to our own mandate, which commits us to negotiate on domestic support while retaining the concept of the blue box and green box.
It is however misconceived. Every mini-agreement is reached on such a restricted basis that they remain at the mercy of the next suicide attack and then have to be re-established all over again.
This exhibition set out to glamorise convicted felons who have committed heinous crimes.
I would like to ask the High Representative, Mr Solana, a question relating to the famous seized vessel, the Karim-A: it appears that the people who are trying to ascertain whether the evidence of Iran' s involvement is reliable are working on the basis of stronger evidence than the appearance of arms which are 'made in Iran' , because we all know that the fact that arms are manufactured in a particular country does not necessarily mean that they are supplied by the government of that country.
It is a heavy blow to the freedom of speech in Russia, to a country born of perestroika and awoken by it.
It is well known, for example, that the Scotch whisky industry depends heavily on rail freight to get malt scotch and blended scotch into the European market.
It is a pleasure for me, following the debate that will be held tomorrow within the interinstitutional group - a debate which will be a brainstorming session on the essential priorities of the substance of the information and communication policy - to return to present our conclusions to you at Parliament's part-session in July.
We have seen aircraft movements double in the last ten years and perhaps it will take even less time for them to double again, because flying is becoming part of everyday life.
As regards the methods used by the Court of Auditors to produce a Statement of Assurance, it goes without saying that we are prepared to look deeper into this concept and the idea of a single audit, in order to enhance and improve the coordination between the Court of Auditors and the checks carried out on the spot by the Internal Audit Service on behalf of the Commission.
For example, small manufacturers should be included. We also wish to avoid the problem of free-riders, to which I think Amendment No 92 may be a good solution.
And, as no negotiations as such took place, the participants in the conference concentrated on round table discussions alongside the events and also at bilateral meetings, rather than only on sessions spent discussing wording and drafting the Final Document.
It would also be encouraging if a 'think tank' could be created, consisting of members of NGOs, educators, administrators, and academics together with citizens from the participating countries.
The Commission addressed this subject in the context of the Helsinki Report on Sport and of the European Sports Forum held on 26 and 27 October 2000 in Lille, particularly in the workshop on youth protection, and the special position of young people under 18 was examined in depth during the discussions between the Commission and FIFA on the rules for international transfers of football players, which were concluded in March 2001.
These are very important for us to be able to achieve our two objectives through the coordination of economic policy: that fiscal policy should not hinder monetary policy and cause no externalities or spin off effects that would have negative effects on other countries.
Something that has been developed for a sophisticated technology-based organisation is not appropriate for Joe's Cafe in Lewisham High Street or Jean Dupont's bistro in the rue de la Révolution in Marseilles.
Lastly, I trust that I will not upset anyone if I say that I agree with the rapporteur when he says, in Amendment No 4, that cookies are ultimately acceptable, almost legitimate tools, for they make it easier to understand how to surf the Internet, providing clear, exhaustive information; in other words, they make the surfer more alert. What I mean to say is I do not believe that surfers are victims of cookies.
From where I sit it is like the radar screen is lighting up all over the House.
I also have to point out that there are a few other inconsistencies, for example, the levying of the new tax on gin, vodka and liqueurs, but not on whisky or other spirits.
Although the site will start off in Dutch, the institute does not rule out the introduction of an English version, thus allowing non-Dutch-speakers to have their sites tested too.
There was talk of a plot to overthrow the regime and even to assassinate the Head of State, without putting forward the slightest bit of evidence, with brutally tortured witnesses and defendants, a public prosecution service that raised its initial petition of eight death sentences to eighteen, and a final verdict which, although not so extreme, punished the main people accused with long prison sentences, thus removing them as potential adversaries in any electoral battle.
In fact, the world of finance is currently experiencing a sort of uncontrollable collapse which is reminiscent of the crisis of 1929 and subsequent years.
We will thereby create cross-border university families, which will offer Europeans masters degrees and will be open to students and lecturers from other continents.
Cooperation' is a magic word, a mantra which is repeated, and I would like to see it become more of a reality than it is at the moment.
On that basis, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I would like to remind you that at the meeting you kindly invited us to in Copenhagen, you spoke of the three phases of the Danish Presidency: the first did not depend on you; it was the Irish referendum, the final element of this year's electoral rally.
In this context, Mr President, please allow me to refer to a phrase that is in the programme - and which I believe is an error by the 'hack' who wrote it - which states that the programme provides the Commission's input to the Council's annual working programme.
Madam President, as North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-Il sips his specially imported French brandy and savours his freshly cooked pizzas cooked by two Italian chefs, as he mulls over what he will say to the UN envoy, many thousands of his oppressed subjects, including babies, are literally starving to death as his disastrous Stalinist economic policies have brought the country to its knees.
The violations and violence not only affect their bodies, through hunger and the concentration camps, but also their minds, for they have been brainwashed and left unable to think, as in the Soviet gulags; the North Koreans have been reduced to sheep that follow their leader blindly.
The venues for each were also symbolic: the Economic Forum met in the ski resort of Davos, the World Social Forum in Porto Alegre, in the midst of a continent in full-blown economic crisis.
I felt as though I were looking at the list of contents of a first aid kit, when the accident has happened and, of course, we believe it is inevitable.
The EU's weakness is in marked contrast to the brave stand taken by the Zimbabwean cricketers, Henry Olonga and Andy Flower.
We can maintain our alliances, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, including with the USA, but - to quote an historic precedent - it was not America's friends who told them to drop napalm on Vietnam; America's friends told them to stop the war.
Mr President, the European Parliament has produced a comic strip book, entitled Troubled Waters, to inform young people about the workings of the European Parliament.
On Monday 3 March 2003 France and Germany collectively expelled 54 Senegalese and Ivorian nationals on a Euralair Horizons charter flight.
Decades later, at a time when the Warsaw Pact still existed, East German citizens took part in a pan-European lakeside picnic by the Fertö Tó, or Neusiedler See, an event which our fellow MEPs Otto von Habsburg and Bernd Posselt had helped to organise, before striking out again on the road to freedom, and it was Hungarian border guards who stood aside and let them pass.
Maybe the price of a pizza for an average household once a year.
It appears that, two years ago, work was started on it illicitly, thus - or so those who have brought the case are arguing - putting field hamsters at risk.
The goal of equal opportunities for school, amateur and professional sport is above all a way of improving women's integration at all these levels.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, when the Swedish golf star, Annika Sörenstam, wanted to compete with the men in the American professional tournament, the male golf world got the jitters.
Europe has appointed itself as the sheriff of the USA, especially after the signing of the agreement on cooperation in criminal matters and extraditions to the USA, where there is capital punishment and Guantanamo.
And secondly, in December 2001, when I brandished a poster photograph of a tortured woman, the President reacted in the same way.
The French policeman will be watching a pickpocket, the German policeman will be watching a junkie and the Greek police will just be looking on.
These include tawny, ruby, vintage and late bottled which are exclusive to port wine, and others traditionally used for Madeira wine and various regional varieties produced in Portugal.
Let me take a few examples in the form of people within health-care, large-scale catering and the metal industry.
From this tribune we condemn the pogrom continuing even today of the fighters of the rural movement and we demand an immediate end to it.
In 1973, when Winston Churchill’s grandson asked him what was to become of the Palestinians, he answered that there was no need to worry: ‘We’ll make a pastrami sandwich of them.’
You have said you would work to protect and preserve them – but the journey from Justus Lipsius to the Berlaymont is more than just crossing a Brussels boulevard.
I am referring, for example, to the art biennale, the book fair, the ballet festival or the trade fair in Havana.
The reason for this was a cassette taped by a Swedish television journalist, which was confiscated from him at the border.
The next item is the Council and Commission Statements on the consequences of the tsunami disaster of 26 December 2004.
Omar Deghayes claims that he has been blinded in one eye with pepper spray.
The Belarussian Ministry of Communications requires all Internet users to obtain authorisation for their modems at a cost of USD 20, even though the average monthly income per capita is USD 60.
It is as though the pentatonic scale were patented, as a result of which all of a sudden a large proportion of blues music would be in violation of such a patent and all writers would have to pay royalties to whomever had registered it.
What has happened since – and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner and I met representatives of the Sunni community and discussed the matter with members of the Shia and Kurdish communities – is an effort by the Iraqi Government to bring Sunnis in.
After half a century of development aid, international rock concerts, debt relief, fair trade and rather hypocritical tears from somewhat self-righteous white men, Africa is still locked in poverty.
For example, a synthetic fibre that might be subject to that duty is given added value by making it into a roller blind, whereby it escapes the anti-dumping duty and is dumped in the EU at ridiculous prices.
In the Forest of Dean, which I represent, 40 years ago elvers (glass eels) were fished in abundance by the local population and sold on the streets for consumption as part of a traditional breakfast with bacon and eggs.
They seem to be spread like confetti around the Member States, more to ensure that each Member State has an agency on its territory than with a view to the need and benefits of having a separate EU agency to deal with the matter in question.
If Robert Mugabe is metamorphosed into the coach of the Zimbabwean bobsleigh team, he should not be allowed to travel to Turin.
If Khin Nyunt is transferred to chief administrator of the Burmese windsurfing squad to visit my own constituency in Weymouth in 2012, he should not be given a visa.
A single set of guidelines should be published for the diagnosis of avian influenza and for laboratory diagnostic tests, and a scientific assessment of the epidemiological risk posed to humans by avian influenza should be commissioned.
A rally is being organised in a few days' time in Barcelona against racism in sport, and in football stadia in particular, which is taking on dangerous proportions.
All too often, sadly, we find examples of counterfeiting: the largest market in southern Italy, Vittoria in Sicily, is every day flooded with counterfeit products that are put on the market as protected geographical indication products, for example Pachino cherry tomatoes.
The EU and the Member States must together ensure that it is possible, for example via the Internet and quick caches, to obtain better information.
It is impossible to negotiate if you do not want to negotiate and at the same time you want to have a pistol in your pocket.
Mr President, I think that Commissioner Wallström prefers hockey to cricket, and I am bound to agree with her in this respect.
Its main contents should be drafted in plain language, avoiding legal terms, avoiding professional jargon, avoiding references to other legislation, and no more than one page in length.
I would ask you to understand that, to very many Europeans, the elite gathered in Brussels and Strasbourg is currently as welcome as chewing gum on the cashmere sweater of society.
An admirer of his by the name of Silvana Moggi has come from Italy, specifically from the town of Salsomaggiore (the town where Miss Italy was elected), to be here in the gallery because she wanted to be present when her great idol John Bowis presented his extremely important proposal for debate, so that all of us in Europe can be treated in the best possible way even when we have the misfortune of having mental illnesses and not just physical illnesses.
Those are not the words of a political leader but of a political gangster and terrorist.
I could also mention ICT technologies exploiting optical and spin states that facilitate further compression of information to be read with blue lasers, and to biotechnology, including DNA research and bioinformatic systems.
Many honourable Members have in the past frequently emphasised the malfunctioning or the inadequate guarantees of the so-called 'pull' system: that is to say, the system that permits the user to extract data direct from databases.
We have in consequence requested that the system should be changed and replaced by a system of the 'push' type, as has been requested on numerous occasions by parliamentary authorities; this has been agreed.
Personally, Mr Trichet, I fully appreciate that you are bound by monetary aggregates one, two and three and by the need for fine-tuning and for steering interest rates.
This report mentions how an Internet blog created by Woeser, a leading Tibetan intellectual, was shut down.
The Tory Party website says that you are going to do that.
Witness the saga of the zinc risk assessment that has taken 15 years, to date, and is still not complete.
Commodore Frank Bainamarama, commander of the Fijian army, deposed the elected prime minister and took power in a blatantly illegal manner.
The melting of Greenland's ice sheet, the Arctic ice and the Siberian permafrost have noticeably reduced the amount of ice on the Earth, which will lead to a dangerous increase in the sea level around the globe.
In the UK last year, one firm of lawyers alone reported opening some 6000 files on cross-border personal injury accidents in Europe.
Indeed, these improvements have become necessary as a result of the emergence of new services such as Internet radio, streaming and downloading services for which a fee must be paid.
This is why we cannot accept the Constitutional Treaty becoming a political and legal zombie.
As stated by those who attended the conference organised last week by Mr Van Orden at the European Parliament, the system reinforces negative and antagonistic stereotypes relating the Jihad Holy War and structural opposition to Israel and actual hatred of that country.
I would like to remind you that rap music and the Greek hendecasyllabic metre have the same rhythm.
Someone from my region told me that taking mercury from Almadén to anywhere else would be like taking the piano to the piano stool rather than taking the stool to the piano in order to play a concert.
Their appeal is based on a tabloid history, a tabloid politics, which denies the nuances and contradictions which are integral to all of our political and religious traditions.
Allegedly a gangster and racketeer, he served a six-year jail sentence in the Soviet Union in the 1980s, his eventual pardon coming at the behest of Uzbek mafia chief and heroin overlord Gafur Rakhimov, described as Usmanov's mentor.
We are discussing putting premiums per cow, per ewe or per hectare on the Internet and, while the world is about to go hungry, like teenagers we are playing at organising farming and financial emails on the Internet.
It is thus necessary, too, to ensure that we manage future conflicts with neighbours over noise, pollution, even spatial use, and I think that in this regard it would be very interesting to be able to assess the new demands: the types of shuttles, private jets, open-air leisure aspects, etc.
Such projects include the memorial to Mr Pöttering, a museum dedicated to the EU's short history, or converting Parliament's parking area into a spa and baths.
Mr President, civil aviation seemed to be a luxury in the past, when mostly the rich and the so-called jet society used the advantages of quick flights.
We are making a contribution to the best possible financing scheme for our films and to access for Europeans to premium content schedules on free television networks: so it is this evening that, with you and thanks to you, I have the feeling that our mission has been accomplished.
There are three big issues where the Commission, the Presidency and most Member States still have to find a consensus in the final sprint to get reform finalised this month.
I voted to remove the paragraph referring to encouraging states to outlaw the wearing of the hijab for young girls.
The Mediterranean is the hope of three monotheistic religions and the civilisation of wheat and wine, not of sauerkraut and beer or mussels in Chez Léon.
These shocking pictures reveal that Dogan lives in a huge seraglio which is registered as a four-star hotel, and there he indulges in luxury.
Another successful method of ensuring the safety of pedestrians is through an active vehicle bonnet, which has been installed in the C6.
I would also like to congratulate our new Commissioner on his debut this evening.
In 2008, a year when the global food crisis is rampant, when, Mr President, Italy is selling us dioxin-contaminated mozzarella, a business worth EUR 10 million, I find it hard to believe that the 15 million unemployed in Europe should be particularly worried by enzymes and flavourings, although it is typical of the European Union to concern itself with the infinitely small in an infinitely large world.
Mr Rack offered us a sushi bar choice of menus for dealing with transport problems.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, I am in favour of introducing uniform conditions for issuing visas in order to prevent what is called visa shopping.
I believe we all now regret the extravagant praise of neo-con policies in the Caucasus crisis.
Computer viruses, spam mail, phishing and Trojans are real threats in a world of virtual data.
To attract consumers' attention, banners and fake advertisements will be disseminated in several key consumer websites.
And what is clear is that, if this phenomenon is not stopped, it will continue in crescendo as it has done so far, and of course it is not going to stop or improve.
Turning to data roaming, we have included actions to deal with the very famous cases of bill shocks where customers have to pay several thousand euros when they come back from one or two weeks abroad, because they used their mobile phone for data downloading in the same way as at home where a data download per megabyte could cost between 5 and 15 cents.
It is not obvious to consumers when they buy ketchup or yoghurt that they contain lots of sugar.
There is a Dutch cabaret performer, Wim Sonneveld, who in fact would not be out of place in this Parliament, and he would say about something like this, 'Well, that is the limit'.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say to Mr Pafilis that the war in Vietnam today is the war being carried on by the Vietnam regime against its own people, the Vietnamese people, the Khmer Krom people and the Degard people.
It must be the coordination that has always been behind the economic branch of Economic and Monetary Union, which is coordination serving the objectives of Economic and Monetary Union, in both macroeconomic policies and in the link which must exist between macroeconomic policies and structural policies.
We also congratulate her on the responsible and serious way in which she has presented her recommendations, which are focused on the central issue, unlike some of the amendments tabled by the socialists which do not help to solve this problem as they consist of details from political folklore or recommendations which are unfeasible given that they fall outside the competence of Member States.
We in Britain can thank heaven that we kept our own currency and are not part of the euro zone's slow-motion train wreck.
The European Union has limited itself to verbal declarations, conferences, and in particular flirting with Russia, giving Russia the courage to use energy resources as an instrument of political pressure.
Yet mental illness can be as much of a handicap to the daily lives of sufferers, and has extensive adverse social effects.
There is a moment, President-in-Office, in the famed melody in Smetana's Má Vlast, where cello and bassoon rise in crescendo from lugubrious depths to reach a seemingly impossible high note.
Regions stimulate the development of culture, and culture - important, attractive projects and events - becomes a magnet which attracts economic investment.
If we had that person in place now we would not have the zigzagging that goes on between the six-monthly presidencies.
Providers can extend the outlets where e-payments can be made, for example the customer paying for his metro ticket with e-money could also purchase a coffee, a newspaper or a bunch of flowers at the station kiosk, as is already - and very successfully - the case in Hong Kong, for example.
This was not a recent issue: years before, the Commission and Parliament had taken the decision not to hire freelance interpreters over the retirement age of their own staff.
The Irish Parliament is not a 'karaoke parliament', and I object to it being described as such by that man.
In Germany, work is under way to create 'bad banks'; in the Benelux countries a bit of everything is being done at the same time.
It should not be the case that Turkey receives an entry ticket for the Union in exchange for being cooperative.
The most widely-spread and oldest organisations involved in voluntary work also include the Czech Red Cross, the Czech Tourists' Club, the Sokol gymnastic association, the Junák youth organisation and the voluntary mountain rescue service.
There is one more thing - I have come here today not only as a politician, but also as a blogger, and a fairly well-known one in Poland.
What I am asking is for common support measures to be put together, and for the solutions not to revolve around the capacity of each Member State to respond.
European microfinance will be available for cases where access to banking credit is denied or made difficult, through support for the growth of micro-enterprises, together with mentoring, coaching and interest-rate support from the European Social Fund.
Certainly I have suffered, like many more, from the volcanic ash, the first time going home: it took me two days; I had to hitchhike part of the way.
Spyware allows a third party to access the same data as the user.
The self-same non-governmental organisation (NGO) counted more than 30 vendetta killings last year.
Like the foxtrot with our beloved European External Action Service, this has taken too long.
Dear President-in-Office Chastel, dear High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the Commission Lady Ashton, dear guests,
My go-kart has crashed, so please put me at the wheel of an articulated lorry'.
Mr Lukashenko is an avid hockey fan and so are the citizens of Belarus.
It turns out that an English lord has more social responsibility than the socialist Kalfin.
In the process of moving from the concept of a European 'polis' to the sense of a European political identity, we must strive towards simplifying direct contact between European citizens and political parties.
The banks will also be tested on the basis of an upper capital threshold, core tier one.
I think the Netherlands may be a bad example because it is an open country with a relatively balanced distribution of population and few remote islands and so forth. But there is also the example of Sweden.
What is at issue is a step-by-step approach to the ultimate lifting of the embargo.
We cannot plonk London bobbies down in Banja Luka and environs, or in Sarajevo and environs.
If we are waiting for Mr Holbrook or Mr Christopher or some other flying peacebroker to arrive on the scene, we can wait a long time - to be precise, at least until after the presidential elections in the United States!
Madam President, we have been treated to the annual joke about human rights, since the most basic of all human rights is the right to express one's thoughts and opinions freely!
Health and safety on camping and caravan sites, like health and safety in holiday complexes, hotels, discos, amusement parks and so on, represents a general set of issues connected with safety in the provision of services.
We advocate the adoption of preventive measures in all European Union countries to prohibit campsites being set up in at-risk areas and that those already in existence be inspected in order to prevent a repetition of this type of accident.
Cheese is cheese whether it is cheddar cheese or one of those fierce little Belgian cheeses that arises from the table in the restaurant and practically bites your ankle.
By way of outsourcing, a large car manufacturer decides that it no longer wishes to make the lights or some other part of its vehicles itself.
It is the old dichotomy between 'places prosperity' and 'peoples prosperity' .
All of us here in this hall have been through Brussels Airport where they have a very smart, informative system for giving prices in a display.
And yet citizens are experiencing day by day the economic horror which provided the recent title for a famous French bestseller.
We have seen examples such as the town of Buta, which was taken by one jeep and three soldiers.
To conclude, let me call on you once again not to forget the useful effects of the Internet on children and young people when we discuss illegal and harmful content - and the exhibition in the foyer of this Chamber gives a good picture of this.
Case two: I have a constituent - Mr Hawthorne - who had a villa in Malaga, in Spain.
And because of our extensive experience the Council, at the Commission's suggestion, has again decided to grant urgent financial aid in an attempt to salvage the political momentum. Once again we are going to salvage the political momentum so that the Palestinian Presidency can pay for the government, the police, the hospitals and the local authorities.
I should quickly like to ask the Commissioner a few questions specifically concerning the difficulties that President Clinton has encountered in securing the celebrated fast-track powers from the US Congress.
You know that at present, for example in Puglia, other arrivals are expected in the coming months, but not in the great ships immortalized in Amelio's film; high speed rubber dinghies are expected at night, which will land a few people at a time.
Here the Commission refers to major breakthroughs and achievements, including the satellite monitoring of forest fires, new discoveries relating to the volcanic eruption on Iceland and the development of an ocean survey robot capable of operating 6 000 metres below sea level.
I also consider it necessary in this context to come up with an arrangement as to how vitamins are added to foodstuffs and this has then to be labelled, and - as the Commission proposes and can then be adopted by Parliament -how one should deal with health claims, that is to say claims regarding the effect on health of certain foodstuffs.
What is envisaged is a 'free standing agreement' also open to non-OECD member states, but without their having any input on the wording of the treaty.
In our opinion, however, irrespective of the real or merely alleged price increases, the multiplication, times 15, of the prices applied by the travel agencies, the only agencies authorized to sell the World Cup package, are the direct consequence of the persistence of the Commission which is opposed to the establishment of a single retailer in each Member State.
There was a sketch where Eric Morecambe is playing and is making a real honky-tonk noise.
A further peculiarity about synthetic drugs is that they are consumed almost exclusively in the techno and rave scene, which is part of the culture of many young people at all levels of society.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Madam Commissioner, we have before us three interesting reports which give us a very illuminating insight into the islands and the position regarding Structural Funds.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on 30 April the Commission received information from the French authorities indicating that a significant number of cases had been registered in which fuel casks being transported to the reprocessing plant at la Hague, France exceeded the limit of 4 becquerels per square centimetre for unfixed beta gamma contamination.
Incidentally, there is also a working paper No 4 from Technical Committee 996 6 96 which makes detailed proposals on this subject which have been included in the safety series produced by the AIO with whom you also work closely.
The Council has been following with deep concern the trial of some of the members of the Bubi tribe native to the Island of Bioko. These individuals were accused of belonging to, or supporting, the independence movement, namely the Movimiento de Autodeterminación de la Isla de Bioko , or the MAIB.
Therefore, I have absolutely no hard feelings against anyone.
Finally, I can endorse the thrust of the Commission's proposed directive establishing a fair payment term for the settlement of sales invoices: cash-flow difficulties and liquidity crises are in fact among the main reasons for bankruptcy among SMEs.
I am thinking of the Transnuklear affair and the scam over the smuggling of nuclear waste.
It is time to reflect on this and to seriously ask ourselves what the technocrats, who only have their own interests at heart, are planning for us.
But I want to illustrate my own comments on Mr Paasilinna's work and the Commission proposals by looking to the past, to a book written by Mark Twain called 'A Connecticut Yankee at the Court of King Arthur'.
Let us be very clear on this: the broad and humanitarian interpretation of the Geneva Convention has not been superseded, as the Austrian Presidency said with a slip of the tongue in its first document, but on the contrary also covers most situations of displaced persons, inter-ethnic conflicts and civil war.
Under these conditions, the Council presidency - and I am not just referring to Vienna, where I am sure the President-in-Office of the Council would have liked to see a highlight here and there, I am referring to the presidency of the Council as a whole - did achieve a breakthrough, an about-turn on one major issue, as several speakers have appreciated. It is that the Union no longer only discusses money and the euro, but also discusses people and employment policy.
Every year it causes the deaths of many albatrosses which dive in front of the ship to eat the fish waste and perish.
The budget would then become a matter of helping oneself.
Compare that little minuet with the rock-and-roll in the United States where, since 1992, there has been a mass of mergers resulting in basically 3 1/2 major companies.
The data are not linked to particular time intervals and will therefore not be affected by the millennium bug.
Madam President, I feel as though I am at the races: whenever we discuss tobacco it is the same old Derby between Latins, Mediterraneans and Anglo-Saxons, as if the latter did not smoke.
I think that along with Mr Martin you are in pole position, but the competition is open to anyone.
This is all due, with no doubt whatsoever, to the talent, efficiency and intelligence of Mr Fischer, the Foreign Minister, with whom I have been very impressed, and I promise him that, in my new life, when I return to Spain, I will go jogging and eat bananas.
First and foremost, this will allow the consumer to remain anonymous on the net, as anonymous as in everyday business in the 'offline' world. It will also allow the prevention of a precise profiling of the consumer.
He presented a fine study with a sort of pot pourri of everything he has written since March and all that with the attitude of an official of the French Supreme Audit Office.
This yearly best-seller is once more making its appearance, and it would be wrong if Parliament did not organise a plenary session debate on the subject, as the press already know about it.
Mr President, when I was asked to take part in this debate, my initial response was to decline, since I considered that the alarms raised were the result of some millennium phantasmagoria blown up out of proportion by lobbies with a lot to gain from it, including, occasionally, by exploiting the credulity of their clientele for financial gain.
What our problem today is, is that young people, who may have good home lives, at the same time feel that their lives are so empty that they need an extra lift or trip on Saturday at the discotheque and to have their mood raised with the help of a drug they are lured into believing is harmless.